I've asked before what future generations of consoles are going to bring. 3D? Dead.
Motion control? Stable but dwindling. 8K? Inevitably expected. So what's left? A game
preview has purportedly leaked a deeper game integration via the console dashboard, like
jumping straight into time trials on a racing game, online battle or story mode for shooters
and so on, all happening at the console menu which should save time for everyone. This
is just my opinion. Plenty more still to come from your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers
and Loki on this and all the news of the week starting right now on the show where every
gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back to another week of the show where
every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio. Back live again tonight with episode
number 830 for this August the 2nd of 2020. I can't believe it's August already at the
same time this year has been quite a wash, hasn't it? My name is Rob Roberts and I'm
joining you with my friends that I met playing Dance Dance Revolution about 20 years ago
at the local arcade. And at some point we decided, hey, you know, we should start a
podcast or we should at that time podcasting didn't quite start yet. So it was like we
should do a live internet show about DDR and music games because we love them so much.
And then after a couple of years, it was like, why are we limiting ourselves to music
games? Let's talk about all video games, classics, new stuff, just celebrating gaming and gaming
culture. And one of my co-hosts is Dark Sakura or Jamie Summers. Hello.
Oh, hi. How are you? I am. I'm okay. Good. You're looking looking fabulous as always.
Thanks. I just pulled this one out for today. I'm pleased with it. That got an immediate
immediate. Yes. New wig in our chat from VGRealness. So I may be I may be digging out some others
like at this point, I'm actually thinking about investing in more mannequins. You know,
the wig mannequins right now, though, I have that black one I wore last week because right
now it's probably my favorite, like as a daily wear. And I thought it looked really good.
I showed it to my physical therapist and she's like, that's not you. That's you. So and everyone's
like, you should dye your hair black. You should do black. So what I'm going to do is
next dye I do, it's going to go black, but I'm going to have one that's black with red
tips. Just a streak. Okay. A little streak of fire going there. Okay. I like it. I mean,
I haven't worn I haven't had my hair black since the 90s. Well, whether you come here
for the video game discussion or you come here for the wigs, you can join us live at
twitch.tv slash vog network, the voice geeks network, where we do tape live every Sunday
night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
Please say hello to our other friend that we met playing Dance Dance Revolution.
It's tech master Loki. Hello. Hi, Loki. How are you? I'm fine. All right. Now our chatters are
taunting you tonight about this game that you're running in the background. And again,
I apologize because I know it's a podcast too. And you guys can't see the visuals.
But I will explain. It looks like Loki is playing footage of his game. He never finished
behind him tonight. Is this your game? It is exactly that. Yeah, it's it's it was footage
of the last level that made in its time the car, which unfortunately, I lost that build of the
game. And it's very disappointing because I wanted to go back in at some point and finish it. But
I don't have any recent builds of it. The I don't know what happened to it because I used to back
that up every few days. And for some reason, I only have up to a certain point. I know I was
having corruption issues with that. That was back in Unity 4. I mean, that's really old.
I'm sorry, but is that is that a cat cannon? It is a cannon that does fire cats. They're not
real cats or robotic cats. As you can see, they're flying off in the space.
Would never want to hurt a real cat. No cats are harmed. But you know, it's just a weird
like that was the things like the game had like a lot of weird levels. And whereas I thought this
would be funny just shooting cats to deliver them to these houses, either hitting the window or the
door. It ended up not being as fun. I have better ways to implement that now. But at the time is
like it sounded like it'd be a cool idea. And it took forever to get the little movement for the
cat because it kind of hops around the ground and it can actually pop up walls as well. And
I spent days trying to get that to work. But yeah, unfortunately,
unfortunately, it's lost to time. Your game is in such early stages. You know,
obviously, if this had been a finished product, you would have probably worked on a lot of the
textures and stuff. But in the current state that we see in the video, it's serving some like early
or late 90s virtual reality simulator realness. I love it. No, it was supposed to be like that
was very like low poly. Okay. You know, it's supposed to be that way. Because that was just
I couldn't draw at all. So that hey, like I even like the cat model, like everything is supposed
to like fit together with that. But yeah, if I was to do it again, I'd do it differently. But
like I was just installed to go on it because I had planned on partaking in a game jam this weekend
and just didn't work out circumstances. Had my son's 10th birthday party yesterday.
Wow. 10. Oh my gosh. Yeah. And then I've just had like a terrible headache for the last, you know,
36 hours. So just that. And then, of course, the theme, I just can't think of anything that I'd
want to do with the theme that sounds like fun. So I'm just going to I'm taking the next three
days off anyways. So I may either go back to working on my game, which is probably what I'm
going to end up doing, or kind of want to go back to work on this game. It would be cool. But
whatever you do, whatever you decide to do, good luck. I play around at least. Yeah. Looking in
our chat room, Dark Tetsuya in chat over at Twitch TV slash VOG Network says, Yeah, I think that's
my main hurdle in game design is doing like sprite art. Well, you know, and I imagine that's why
there's a lot of games that decide to do a retro look and feel is because, well, I don't want to
say retro graphics is easier. That would be very insulting to people that have worked very hard on
sprites. And it can be very difficult in a limited space to design certain looks and certain feels.
So but certainly people might have a preference for one type of art design versus another.
But at the same time, you know, and Bobby kind of jumps in there saying, crazy idea, join a team
with other people and help them on their game. And, and I would if if I knew I could dedicate
a certain amount of time to it, but I don't know with just family and Loki doesn't want other
people to have to rely on him. Exactly. Yeah, I get it. But I was gonna say, you know, also,
there's any own Bobby's talking a little bit about this in chat, but I was gonna say,
you know, sometimes there's art packages and art assets and art things out there, you know, and
this is more in response to what Darcy is saying doing sprite art. Well, a game that Loki and I
haven't shut up about on this show for like four months is Orna. And that game, it uses a very kind
of common sprite pack asset thing, because we've seen the characters in other games, which is kind
of funny, but it doesn't matter because a good game is a good game. And so, you know, and Orna
is a lot of fun. That's why we keep playing it. And plus, it's more impressive when you consider
one guy did it, and he's creating a type of Pokemon Go-esque meets Dragon Warrior type of game.
And I hate calling it Pokemon Go, because really the only thing they have in common is that they
both use your GPS. But it's just impressive that it's done by one dude. Yeah, and I just need to
do more. It's more practice. Like even when I was working on this stuff, like I was really rough,
I'm still rough on everything, you know, so, but I know a lot more now than I did back then was
doing it. And a lot of it was like I was focused on the artwork and everything first, and I really
needed to nail down the gameplay. And even like, you know, playing this, you know, I now have like
better ideas of how I implement things differently that would make it look more fun. But like even
small things, like getting the cat thing, the worker, the confetti cannons, that was fun. Just
like lots of like silly things. And then the problem was, I kind of lost sight of what the
game was because it's like, I don't know. Yeah, I get it. I don't know. It was neat for what it's
all to play some of the other levels later. I'll switch up the video. But yeah, it was fun. Like
it was a fun learning experience. I need to finish something though. Let me read a few more comments
in chat and then we'll get into our kickoff topic tonight, which Loki, I'll have you cover here at
the top for us. But some of the things in chat, Phoenix talking, Phoenix7726 talking about the
retro and so forth saying, retro graphics do tend to have a lower ceiling for designs which look
good enough though. Bobby Blackwolf pointing out that that recent Black Lives Matter bundle that
was on itch.io that I know a ton of you picked up because that bundle made a lot of money for a
great cause. There's a lot of, there's several, I shouldn't say a lot, but there's several asset
bundles in it. And that's, you know, there's, there's all types of, not just art, but I think
there was some music in there too. So some of you guys may have some of that content and not even
realize it. So definitely leverage that from your donation to that. Yeah, let's see. And there's
like some jams actually coming up that I know Kenny, he does a lot of these. He's like, he's
know his asset Jesus out there. He does a lot of those CC0 apps, art assets. I actually contribute
to his Patreon and stuff. And so he's doing a jam with his art assets because he releases like
thousands and thousands of thousands of assets for free. They're almost kind of similar style
as this. This was a different artist that did these though. And so his stuff though, he's got
a jamming space around art and I've seen other like kind of fun YouTube videos where they take
an asset pack and they're like, okay, what can you come up with using this art asset pack? I like that
kind of a, you know, a concept a little bit better than like, like the one I was going to do this
weekend was the, the theme was rewind. It's like all the, anything I could think of that would just
with time rewinding. And that sounded kind of boring. So that's why I couldn't think of
anything. So I'm probably not going to do that one, but yeah, I like a lot of those jams,
especially based around art assets. All right. Well, let's get into our kickoff topic tonight,
which is not about an indie game. This is the furthest thing from an indie game. This is the
mother of all AAA titles, but let's talk a little bit about Halo and some of the things that have
happened since the, um, big reveal a couple of weeks ago. Loki. Yeah. So there was a rumor that,
um, Halo Infinite was going to be free to play as far as the multiplayer goes. And this was coming
from, I guess, a, it was published on, I think that the, um, a pre-order page and it was for
this website Smith's Toys. And they had this like kind of little blurb on it said, you know,
the legendary Halo series returns are the most expansive Master Chief campaign yet and
groundbreaking free to play multiplayer experience. And so it talks about, um, you know, pretty
plain. Everyone's like, Whoa, wait, what's going on? You know, what's this? And so finally it was
confirmed by Microsoft, um, that yes, it is going to be free to play at least the multiplayer
portion. There was some other websites that had listed the genre, I guess I want to say it was
like a Japanese website or something like that. That was listing it like as almost like a battle
royale. Um, so maybe there's going to be some battle royale mode to it. I wouldn't be surprised.
A lot of games are kind of putting that in there, but at the very least it would be neat to see that,
you know, multiplayer and Halo is definitely extremely popular and to make that accessible
to everybody, um, at no cost is pretty great. That's a, I'd say another good selling point
for that console. Now this has led to a lot of rampant speculation about Microsoft potentially,
uh, walking away from Xbox gold basically, and, and making the multiplayer free, which, you know,
and I don't want to sound like a broken record, but obviously this is something I've talked about
on the show plenty of times before that I think this is a good direction for Microsoft one. I'm
kind of surprised they didn't make sooner, but you know, in, in reflection, you know, hindsight's
2020, it does make a lot of sense to maneuver it with a new generation that this is going to be,
uh, like kind of like a new way of thinking, if you will, uh, about approaching this next
generation. Now, um, to kind of follow up on that, we have, um, seen some articles and some tweets.
And for example, over on our discord for vog network, which you can join over at vog
network.com that's VOG network.com slash discord. And people chat with us throughout the week and
so forth. And, uh, we have like an orange challenge radio room and people share their
story ideas and so their thoughts on the show and tiger claw posted a story that has the headline
Microsoft will discontinue Xbox live gold and make multiplayer free. And that part is in quotes.
And if you go into, and when I first saw that, I was like, what, why haven't I seen this all over
Twitter? Well, when you actually go into the story, it's a journalist from venture beat has
arrived at the same conclusion that this must be the direction that they're going in, which by the
way, Or something I really hate about social media headline sharing. And this is no, I'm not
faulting tiger claw because it wasn't interesting. It's always nice to hear that somebody's thinking
the same way you do. So I'm not faulting that. Please don't hear that. But, um, it, I, I,
sometimes these gotcha headlines really irritate me. And we're really bad about that in the games
world, especially, but obviously, you know, we've seen it play out in all political and all this
other type of stuff, but, but I digress, um, Xbox going for free multiplayer would be quite
the shift, um, with halo making that maneuver. Does it seem like this is the logical conclusion
that we're going to get to that Xbox gold is going to go away? Um, actually, before I get your answer,
one other thing to kind of file away game pass changed their branding at some point in the past
few days. So there's no longer Xbox game pass or Microsoft game pass. They're just calling
themselves game pass with the Xbox logo. You can see this on their Twitter account, although the
actual name of the Twitter account hasn't changed. And maybe that's because they have to sort
something out. Somebody probably took the other name, but the logo and some of the identity and
that stuff has changed. So it does feel like chess pieces are moving around. I don't, what's your
thoughts? Do you think this is what Microsoft is positioning themselves to do? I still don't know
yet if I, I mean, I, it certainly seems like they're hinting at that's going to be the change.
I would, wouldn't be surprised if maybe just gold goes away and it's all just what games pass.
Um, I'd be interesting to see what goes on there. I don't know if necessarily with this halo
announcement that necessarily indicates that they're going to be going that route with all
games. I just say at the very least, we know now halo's multiplayer is going to be for free,
um, and that they may sell the campaign separately. I think call of duty did something similar,
not, uh, I know they did look like war zone and stuff. That's, um, free to play. So
it may be just staying competitive in the marketplace with what's out there right now.
Um, I think that they're going to make that announcement at some point soon,
but very right now they haven't confirmed it. Very interesting comment from mr. 2, 100,
Matt, everything's got a price. I'm waiting for the catch here. Could there be a catch,
you know, I could definitely see where maybe while you're in matchmaking lobbies for, um,
certain games, they're going to be a little more. And again, I am, I am completely fantasized. I'm
kind of reading into this comment and going, I could see this happening. That maybe you're
going to see advertisements and matchmaking lobbies. And so, I mean, heck we, it's not like
we haven't seen advertisements inserted into games before we've seen like billboards that change and
so forth, but maybe it would be a little more like less subtle. Like you're gonna see ads,
uh, while you're waiting to play games and it'll be like, this match is brought to you in part by
Colgate toothpaste, maybe try brushing your teeth. You know, I don't know what's going to happen,
but that's gonna, that could be something I could see where Xbox might, you know, it's,
it's free, but there's a catch and maybe make a little money there. I don't, what do you,
do you think that's a road that could go down? I think that there are some companies that will
go down the road EA. Um, but I don't know if necessarily that Microsoft's going to be doing
that. I would see that they're probably going to be selling more cosmetic microtransactions
and stuff like that. Um, but I think, I mean, really a lot of these companies could probably
afford to have multiplayer for free considering how much money they make off of microtransactions.
I don't know that necessarily we're going to see ads, but I mean,
even if they were charging for multiplayer, I could see them doing ads during like waiting stuff.
Yeah. But I mean, and who's to say though, with matchmaking being pretty quick, I don't know,
like if you would, I don't know if they would do that though. Like,
well, I guess we'll wait and see. Yeah, we'll see. I don't know. Um, uh, a chat name. I don't
recognize somebody possibly knew or changed their name who said, uh, called, uh, no one special 77.
Hello. No one special, uh, says, uh, possible catch 22. You know how with gold you pay for
multiplayer, but they give you games for free. Maybe the game pass you pay for the subscription,
but the multiplayer is free, but you need game pass to play. Uh, and you're not the first person
that passed them. I wouldn't either. And you're not the first person in chat to suggest that,
that maybe halo will be a little taste of that. But ultimately, and I think we've, we've heard
the theory of the bundled package that essentially gold turns into game pass and it's everything.
And, you know, I get that could, we don't want to assume we, we still have no confirmation for
Microsoft on this. We know one game is doing it and it's a big one halo. So that lends itself to
the possibility, you know, y'all love the feasibility scale on this show, right? So,
or I'm sorry, it was plausible, uh, the plausibility scale, right? So it was a plausible
Microsoft's going to throw it out for all games. Well, with, with them doing it for halo, it's
certainly plausible, but, um, is it going to be a bundled thing either? And halo is just a taste.
I don't know. I kind of think Microsoft's bread and butter now is game pass. They want to be
Netflix for games before someone else beats them to it because Microsoft so many times in the
industry has had to be playing catch up a little bit by trying to catch up to what somebody else
has done. Microsoft is like, dang it. We're going to be the Netflix of the games industry.
This is what we're doing. So I think what's going to happen when Microsoft goes to sell halo and
the ads are on TV and all this stuff, they're not going to say $60 in store now or, uh, pre-order
now they're going to say, get game pass to experience halo on day one. They're going to only
push the game on game pass in their official advertising channels and the $60 retail. That's
a footnote now. That's where I think they go with it, but that's again, just reading the tea leaves.
Jamie, you think it's possible that they go this direction as well, um, to, uh, still making you
pay for multiplayer, but it's like a game pass combo pack. Yeah. I think that's what they're
going to do. And on top of that, I mean, if they had like a completely free option, then yeah,
I think there would be like some sponsorship in there. Like, you know, you, I don't know,
like something's going to limit it. Like if you want the full package, you have to have the,
the full deal, you know, like the, the pass, does that make sense? Oh yeah. Yeah, it does. So they
might, they might give a promised free, sorry, this wigs in my eyes. Um, they might give you
like that promised free, but free always costs something when the game, you know, when the game
companies are involved. As, as somebody in chat said earlier, ain't nothing free in this world,
baby. You get Corona for free. Okay. Um, so let me ask one more question. So let's talk about
what it might set the stage with competitively. I'm going to ask this question of chat. I'm going
to ask this question of my host. So how competitive of a move does this end up being against Sony and
Nintendo? Like if, if Microsoft really does go this direction, do you think Sony and Nintendo,
and especially it's very interesting in Nintendo's perspective because Nintendo was kind of late to
the party and charging for online. And, but, but I don't know, like I, my personal gut kind of says,
but Nintendo kind of always gets away with doing whatever the hell they want because their games
are so strong and Nintendo is the best developer in the business. And it's pretty convenient. They
build their own hardware. So, um, but do you think this move has a competitive, especially
when it comes to Sony, do you think it's going to put pressure on Sony to eliminate their online
costs as well? Or is Sony going to say, well, we're giving you a better value because blah, blah,
blah, blah, whatever excuse they come up with. I have a thought about that. And it's typically
that not everybody is a multi-system owner, you know, like maybe we can swing having multiple
systems, even though I don't have, you know, the newer Xboxes. Uh, but you know, when you come
down to it, a lot of families are going to be a one console house, or if they have something,
it's going to be a few generations old, or they've traded it in to buy whatever the new one. So
going on that, I don't really think that Sony will have to do something like that.
They'll still make their money. They may offer like more incentives for their paid services,
but I don't really see that they would see a point in doing it. I don't think it would
really frighten them. Hmm. Loki, any thoughts?
I mean, they're going to say whatever they want. Nintendo probably be like, well, we offered a,
you know, library of games, you know, first or I don't know. I think Nintendo isn't even going to
care what they do. I can see Sony having to, um, counteract this with some sort of, uh, offering
of PlayStation now for free, um, or at least including it with the price that you play for
PlayStation plus, obviously, if there's a big discrepancy between the number of consoles being
sold by platform, um, if it's in Sony's favor, I doubt that they're going to, you know, counter
with, you know, putting out and they may even not in the beginning because they feel that they're,
you know, they've got such a strong lead in the console space already, but if it becomes a point
where they need to be competitive, then they would probably offer it up as well. Um, I think
it's a good move for Microsoft to be doing this in the first place. If anything, if it gets us to,
you know, at least give more value to, um, what you get each month. Cause I know with Microsoft,
even as it is already, you get four games a month, you know, with Xbox live gold versus the two,
maybe three, if they're feeling generous that month from Sony.
So Sony's already kind of even backed down on what they used to give you. They used to
get a ton of PSP and place it in three games and stuff like that. Um, it'd be nice if all
that was compatible with like PlayStation now. And that was just a free service, but it's not. So
I think, yeah, I think they need, the industry needs a kick in the pants and, um, this would
definitely help with it. Uh, DJ Rama S in chat says, I don't think Sony is going to care until
they start losing sales to Microsoft. So maybe Sony is kind of maybe, you know, these types of
plans are years in development. So Sony might be marching forward because they didn't see this
disruption in the industry potentially. And again, we don't know there's going to be disruption.
It's one game that is, is reading into the tea leaves, but if there is disruption,
Sony maybe didn't foresee it coming. And so maybe they don't have a response right away.
And it's not until they potentially lose share to Microsoft that they're going to respond to it.
But maybe Sony in a very similar way to Nintendo rests on the strength of their first party games
to carry them through. Sony does have some very strong first party titles, obviously between,
you know, the God of Wars, the horizons and et cetera, et cetera. I can go on. Um, Microsoft
has always lagged behind in that department, right? But, and this is a big but, Teehee,
Microsoft is really trying to change that from all the studios they've acquired and from what
they showed you in this last presentation. This whole presentation that Microsoft did
this past month, I don't think was just about being a giant advertisement for Game Pass.
That was pretty good, but it's also definitely trying to say, hey, we have great first party
titles too. Like Fable coming back, like Forza, like, you know, these new IPs coming from Obsidian
and, you know, and then Psychonauts 2 and so on and so on. You guys get the picture, you know,
Microsoft is really trying to compete on that level as well. So it's going to be very interesting.
And I feel like a lot of gamers are, are at some point going to have to end up with three systems.
Well, maybe not because again, Microsoft's games are all PC as well. So I think there's a lot of
people that go, I'll just play those games on PC. I'll get Game Pass on PC and play my games there.
Well, is that really a loss for Microsoft? No, not if you end up with a Game Pass PC subscription.
So Bobby was saying in a chat there that obviously with, you know, the lack of, you know,
a subscription for these Xbox Live Gold and stuff, it's like, who's paying for these online services?
I think honestly what they've done is they looked at the amount of money that they're,
you know, charging each month for Xbox Live Gold. So say, I think it ends up being, you know, like
60 bucks a year or so. So like maybe almost like five bucks a month, maybe even more than that now.
And they look at offering this, you know, say this library of games out there as is and the amount of
money that they might make off of these microtransactions through these games. So if it's not
necessarily first party, it could be third party games that they're getting a cut, you know, from
those purchases as well. And that may be enough to offset the cost of paying that five dollars a
month as it is. And they in fact, maybe making more money from that. So that's why I think they're
allowing folks to have access to more games because it gives them more opportunity to spend money.
And that's kind of even what we see from like Activision stuff. They're saying they're making
billions of dollars off of just microtransactions alone and not necessarily game sales. So obviously
if they open that market up to more people to have exposure to these games, there's a better
opportunity to make more money than they would say just charging the subscription service. Plus it
looks better. In my opinion, it's an investment type of thing. Microsoft does this now so that
two, three years down the line, when everybody gets used to Game Pass, Game Pass is a standard.
There's so many games now, all these first party developers have put their games out on Game Pass,
that there's so much more strength to it, that then they jack up the price by another four
dollars a month, just like Netflix did. Because remember when Netflix did the whole quickster
thing and then that was like, everybody screamed, they kind of ended up doing it anyway. They just
called it different things. And they ended up being able to jack up the price of Netflix while
they were at it, because everybody was just so used to it at that point. And there's,
oh, we're gonna charge an extra dollar or two for HD. Oh, we're in charge, or I'm sorry, not HD,
but 4k, you know, all this other stuff. I, you know, and again, I might be a little bit cynical
in that line of thinking. But investment, I think, is a reasonable answer to that question
on how do you pay for it, is that you hope long term you're going to come out ahead.
So, all right. So, interesting perspective on is what Microsoft's doing working. Pele
Hanuman in chat says, it's working. My number one priority after getting a PlayStation 5 is getting
a next gen Xbox. It's very true. SSG100Matt says, that's a good point. Rob is saying,
for free now, but charge higher later. Ain't nothing in this world free, baby.
That's anything. I mean, more than any service. Yeah. All right. And it comes down to also,
though, I doubt that I don't think that they would do that right away if they did.
It comes down to competition as well, what the competition is doing. So, I don't know,
I think that it's still too early to say that's what they're going to do. Have they really done
that with I mean, they did that with the Xbox Live Gold, but I think that's once if I remember
correctly, they raised the price on that. But there's still the free games that they added to
that as well. So, I don't know. We'll see. I mean, again, a lot of this is speculative.
So, I'm going to move on, try to get some other less rumor topics discussed on the show. But
I think it's very interesting. You know, again, this all plays into what is that, you know, kind
of carrying over from last week's kickoff show. What does that next generation of gaming really
look like? You know, and all this is going to really impact that. So, on what we look back on
Gen, what are we going into now? Generation 8 of sorts, I think, with games. Although,
Nintendo being the disrupter is kind of like, I don't know, where are they at? They're like
seven and a half. I don't know. Anyway. All right. Let's move on. Let's talk about what generation
of games are you playing this week in our gaming weeks? And the types of video games that you have
been spending your time playing this week. Darsakha, we'll start with you. How was your
gaming week? It was fairly productive. Hold on. Because I took a picture of some of the other
stuff that I took to remind myself. So, not only, of course, I'm having a crap load of
Animal Crossing, which I will be getting at seven o'clock so I can watch the fireworks.
Just saying. Seven o'clock. I should have had you try to set up your Discord so you could switch to
your game image so we could see that. But I guess all the East Coasters are already enjoying the
fireworks. I've seen it on Twitter. Yeah. I don't know how to, I'd have to take some time and switch
that up anyway. Yeah, I know. But we had some, well, I've had like my second visitor ever
during the quarantine of my own and it was Becky and she brought Juliana over. He's gotten big.
He's playing Sekiro. So, and Dark Souls and he's really going for it. But he and Dan were playing
Mario Kart 8 Deluxe yesterday. And it was pretty amusing to listen to them banter. And we also
have the Capcom beat-em-up bundle. You know, Knights of the Round, King of Dragons, you know,
Captain Commando, a few other games on there. They're really fun. I mean, it's not like we
don't have some of these on other collections, but it's nice to have access to them, especially
the one that's semi-related to cyberbots. But for the life of me, I can't remember. It's like
Armored something, Armored Warrior, not Armored Core. But at any rate, we had a lot of fun with
that. And then we also got the Outrun Sega Ages collection. So it has a bunch of music in it just
all over and different kinds of trials in the game. It's pretty fun. And I briefly mentioned
it last week, but I also have the Sega Ages, Sega Saturn Fantasy Zone. And now I'm looking for a
copy of Black Matrix for the Sega Saturn. So if someone wants to eBay that for me, that would be
great. I need to find a translation of it though. But yeah, that's been a little pinball. We
reorganized the front room. It's just been kind of up in the air, but now we have our vault kind
of reset as a proper game room. And we're playing Lethal Enforcers on the Genesis with the Justifier.
I really want to come over and play pinball at some point, but pandemic.
So, well, if you, you know, if the both of us haven't been around people for, you know.
Yeah, I got all that stuff. All that stuff. My dad's going on though. It's got to take priority.
So I get it. I get it. And I'm pissed off at Dan cause he had people over in the garage and
I had to go in there with a Lysol spray and just spray the air. I mean, this was actually pretty,
pretty effective, but thankfully Dan stayed away for a little while and, and washed his hands and
washed himself really well. I was already passed out, so I couldn't be mad last night, but yeah,
we we've got game-age going on and more than there was a week before. So nah.
All right. Uh, Loki, how was your gaming week?
Um, so I did play a few things, uh, a lot of Minecraft this week, as usual,
both of my kids wanted me to build them mansions. So I had to build two modern mansions for them,
you know, just the small things here. We want a four story mansion, please. You know, can you,
can you give me one? Dad, my requests are not unreasonable. All I want is a four story mansion,
dad, make it happen. Exactly. So I did that. And then, um,
I did play a little bit of a Paper Mario in the Origami King and I beat the first boss in that
game. Uh, and then they have, I guess the first like kind of mini boss and then like the first
boss in the game. And, uh, if, for those who may not know the games, bosses are, um, it's
stationary stuff. So, um, the first boss has a pack of colored pencils and it's fantastic.
I really love that game, uh, just in the art style and everything. So, um, pretty cool.
And then a little bit of Orna, just the bare minimum. I really haven't been playing too much
of that. Just doing, you know, my daily wars and whatnot. Uh, get on those wars. Cause you know,
your kingdom master's a Dick when it comes to those wars, but we were losing too many by like
a hair. And so we don't want to get matched against big guilds if we don't have active
people. So, yeah. So, um, doing that and then, yeah, that's pretty much it. It's just, uh,
those, those few games. Awesome. Uh, by the way, speaking of Orna, since that was a little bit of
my game, we too, they did a big update today. Uh, and there's like the, it runs a lot smoother.
Like I feel like I'm getting a better frame rate and they put some new fonts in it. So it looks
kind of, it looks a little more, it looks a little different. It doesn't look completely
retro now. It's gonna, the sprites haven't changed though. So it's still got a retro feel,
but you have to check it out. Um, anyway, other stuff in my gaming week, I've also been playing
animal crossing. I've had a lot of turnaround in my village in the last two weeks. I've
lost three villagers and gained three new ones. So, um, I, um, I let Gigi go, she has to go,
well, I lost Nana like about three weeks ago and I got Klaus who has a hilarious house because he
lives in what looks like a bath house. Cause it's supposed to be like a throw to like ancient Greece
and that's kind of like his aesthetic. So, um, and he's great. I like him for a smug type. He,
uh, him and I get along. Uh, and then I lost Gigi. She asked to leave. Uh, and I was like,
all right, you're a duplicate typing. So, uh, she left and I got a normal type to replace,
uh, Nana who I didn't care for. Uh, and I got, uh, Norma, Norma, the normal.
I love how some of the names are completely like I have Marshall. Yeah. I, I, I went Islander
hunting yesterday and I found a villager named Snooty and I was like, I wonder what type of
villager this one is. I let Julian go so I could bring Marshall in. Oh wow.
I can get him back anytime. Oh, somebody or anybody's Island because we haven't
been to anyone. We need more fruit because my wife wants to build out her orchard. Yes.
My wife has basically taken over the entire Island and completely decorated everything
because I don't play that game very much. Um, so she's redesigned everything, but yeah,
she needs to visit some more islands too, or I should say I need to visit the islands because
I have the Xbox or the Nintendo pass. Um, Jamie and I both have all the fruits,
so visit one of us and you'll be set. All right, cool. Cool. Um, let's see. So, um, the,
the hardest change I made into my villager lineup was I got Judy as a camper this week and I really
wanted her because I'm like, she's kind of like different, right? She's newer for this one and
she's got a really cute look. She's like a starry eyed bear and I know she's really popular. So I
was like, all right, Judy. And I had to talk to her a bunch of times and the first villager Judy
wanted to boot was catch up. And I was like, ah, and I instantly turned off the game and restarted
it. If her said he was here, he would have screamed at me, but you can get away with it.
So finally I settled on, she asked to kick rocket and I let her do it. And that was hard because
rocket was one of my first two villagers though. So I was really attached to her. And so that was
really hard. Yeah. But you know, Apple was my third and I booted her the fuck out. Here's the
thing. Part of the game is turnaround. And you know, it's kind of one of those things. I was
like, you know what? I can't hang on to the same 10 villagers forever or there, the game is not
going to be interesting. So I had to let rocket go and rocket had an OG house for that reason too,
because you know, they don't really get their personalized furniture. If they're one of your
first two villagers. So I let Judy replace rocket. That was hard. And then the same day Judy moves
in, I have another villager, Joey, who asked to leave and he was a duplicate typing, lazy type.
So I just picked up boots, another jock, who's a really cute alligator. And I was like, okay,
I'll take that. So yeah, that's as the animal crossing island turns, but I'm also excited to
check out the fireworks show, but yeah, I've had a lot of turnover on my island this week.
Um, other games I've been playing besides just that continued GPS stuff still doing,
you know, Ingress, Pokemon Go, that stuff keeps me moving. Thanks to actdeft if you're out there
listening tonight, because he invited me to a remote raid and I caught a Rayquaza yesterday
that was kind of random. Some people just if they see me on they send me a remote raid and I try to
do them if I see them. But there is sometimes a lag and I get sent invites where it's like,
I'd already closed the game Niantic must not have shown that I went offline. So I'd already closed
it. So yeah, but I love I'm loving the remote rating, that's for sure. And then a new game that
I checked out this week was thanks to Xbox Game Pass, they just added a game called The Tourist,
but it's spelled, it's like T O U R Y S T or so it's spelled differently. It's interesting because
it's kind of like a little bit of a puzzler. And what made me want to play this game is that
somebody tweeted that basically there's like a game inside the game. That's basically a
Minecraft version of fast racing Neo remix on Nintendo Switch is like kind of inside that game
and I thought that was really cool. So I was like, okay, I'm gonna check this game out on Game Pass
and the aesthetic is very 3d.game heroes. Do you remember that game for the PS3? It was like one
of the early titles. It was like Zelda with a very distinct look. That look is very like this,
but it's not really the same type of game because 3d.game heroes was very Zelda inspired.
This one is a little more of like a puzzler. I almost in some ways get throwbacks to like
Solstice and Equinox, because you got that whole isometric puzzler type of thing,
but not quite as actiony, at least not in the early stages I'm still in. A little more puzzle-y
than actiony in those games. But yeah, that game's really cool and I want to play more of it. I
admittedly did not get far into it, but I played enough. My curiosity, I was like, what happens if
I swim way far out past the island? Cause the lifeguard says, don't go too far out or I can't
see you. And my brain goes, that means there's treasure there. So I swam out as far as I could
and I got eaten by a shark. And that was really funny. Cause the shark just pops out of the water,
goes like attacks your character. Yeah, pretty much. It just jumps up.
I looked up the, uh, the, um, pictures of it online. It looks, I like the aesthetic of that.
Yeah. It's very like Minecraft. In fact, when I was playing it, Alan came in the room and was
like, Oh, is this like a Minecraft license game? Is this like a new mine? And I'm like, no, it's
not, it's not really related to Minecraft. It just has that aesthetic. And yeah, it really reminded
me of 3d.game heroes. It's that whole, like, see the arcade. So they have like multiple arcade
games in there. Cause it looks like I haven't gotten to the arcade yet. So I can't tell you
it's not in the very first island. It's not in the second island either. So yeah. Yeah. So anyway,
I thought it was neat, so I'll play more of it. So, uh, I liked it, but I wanted, I'm like,
I got to play something new. I can't just rely on the old standards, but of course I've still been
playing lots of final fantasy 14. Like I spend easily an hour and a half every night, but that's
just like. Shane and other friends and I running a dungeon or something and just chatting and,
you know, just leveling our characters, continuing to level my samurai. Why don't know, just killing
time until that next patch. Although the next big content patch for Final Fantasy 14 is next
Tuesday, August 11th. So it's fine. This is after a big delay. Final Fantasy 14 has been very good
on the content patches. It's like every few months there's a patch, but we've had a really big dry
spell between these last two patches, but understandably it's the whole COVID-19 issue
that's caused this to be delayed a little bit. So we got to cut them a little bit of slack. So,
but I'm excited to check out that new expansion or I'm sorry, new patch. There's no expansion
yet. Maybe until next year probably. Okay. Let's move on and get into some gaming news. Oh,
actually one other thing I should talk about, or I'm going to get an angry phone call later
in the show. One thing that was kind of my gaming week, I backed a Kickstarter this week
and it was that Iodine Chronicle 100 Heroes that I actually ended up backing. And after Shane
reminded me every day, did you back it yet? Did you back it yet? Did you back it yet? I'm like,
yes, God, leave me alone. So, but I won. I really do want it. So, cause I, I enjoyed Suikoden and I,
the little trailer that they're showing for the new one looked really good. So, yeah.
Um, I backed that and, um, I'll be excited to play that game in two years,
but apparently the Kickstarter is doing very well. Um, by the time I backed it, it was up to like
somewhere around 2.4, 2.5 million. I don't know. It's probably gone up even higher.
Um, and they're starting to release a lot of the, um, stretch rewards. Like it's going to
come to consoles. They've hit that. They're starting to add new characters. They're hitting
all of these. There's some additional localizations they're putting in. So the Kickstarter is doing
very, very well. Some may even, I mean, it depends who you talk to. Some may say better than expected.
Some may say, uh, you know, we knew Suikoden fans wanted this for a long time. So you gotta wonder
if Konami is sitting there going, well, shit, maybe we should have got on this sooner, but
Konami as a company has been mismanaged for how many years? So, you know, what can you do?
Uh, very happy for the developers that they get to make another, a spiritual successor of sorts. And
I'm excited to check it out. Um, all right, let's move on and talk about some of the news from the
week. And, uh, Loki, let's talk about this one. This is a big one that's got everybody talking,
right? Yeah. So we kind of talked a little bit about like some of the stuff that leaked out
about this huge gig leak. So basically there was a bunch of Nintendo development stuff that got
leaked out a while back. Um, I'm not sure if this is separate from the last huge leak that we had,
but this is definitely, uh, same leak trickling out the information and parsing. Yeah. Yes. So
a lot of development stuff, there is a lot of source code for different games and whatnot. So
some of the things of note to mention out of the leak. So one of the things that was in there was
the source code for star Fox two, which has recently got put on to of course the classic,
uh, SNES console. And I believe now is also part of the Nintendo online,
a collection of games, character designs though. Yes. As the character design. So they had a lot
of different character designs, something that necessarily go with, but there was one that was,
um, a human character as well, a pilot, a black female that was in there. They also had a bunch
of different animal pilots as well, that, uh, all sorts of different animals. It kind of reminds me
a little bit of a Zootopia a little bit, uh, but lots of different designs that they had,
uh, toyed with, but didn't end up going with, uh, some of the other cool stuff.
They had different character design for Luigi for super Mario world. Um, speaking of Luigi,
they had art assets for Luigi in, um, Mario 64, but obviously unused as well. Um,
with no L on his hat. Right. Right. Yes. Yeah. And then, um, there was a bunch of other random
assets. They had some early art assets from super Mario carts, which actually had looked like a
human player in there instead of the Mario stuff. I could maybe see them doing like some sort of
like, uh, I don't know, uh, maybe using it as a prototype to build everything else out. Also,
they had the cart was, they had a version that was a hovercraft as well, instead of just a regular,
uh, cart. Oh, huh. Uh, yeah, that's kind of neat. That would work for that aesthetic of game too.
I didn't even really think of that. I didn't, I didn't pick up on that one. I saw the Mario
cart with the different music. I heard that and the original music. It wasn't, it seemed a little
like maybe dreamy and sad for a Mario cart game, but I liked it. I sure did. Yeah. What about the
animal crossing stuff? Yes, the animal crosses stuff. So animal, Jamie's like, get to the good
shit, wrap it up, wrap it up, get to what I want to hear. Apparently, and for animal forest, uh,
there was art assets for blathers as one of the animals in the game and he wasn't in the game yet.
No, he was not. So that'd be cool if you could get blathers as one of your villagers.
Uh, also there was, I believe our assets for caddy for caddy. Yeah, caddy. She looks pretty terrible,
but those brows, you know? Yes. And then, um, I want to say they were also talking about,
it possibly is going to be human characters as well in there. So that was kind of neat.
I think it was some of the MPCs like there was, they were going to have more like MPC humans,
but there was something cool though about when they leaked the source code for that,
it had the emulator source code in it too. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's a big, big thing.
Yeah. Lots of emulator source codes. I know they also had, uh, like official emulators,
um, that were from the DS as well that were leaked with that. Um, lots of information.
I think it's going to be a while before they finally go through all of this,
but it is interesting. I understand that ethically it's not great, but I like always seeing all this
development stuff and kind of what could have been, and you know, what stuff looked like at
one point and just learning a bit more from that. Um, it'd be pretty cool to see what they
do with this plus within the Luigi stuff in there and the leaked version of the source code for
Mario 64 that they've now gotten to run on PC. Um, I would be curious to see that. Oh,
I guess that's not necessarily the source code that it was a rebuilding of that. Um,
I wonder if they can incorporate the Luigi stuff in there as well. That'd be pretty cool.
I mean, granted, I think, uh, the Nintendo 64 or not, the DS version of Mario 64 had some
multiplayer in there as well, but, um, it'd be interesting to see what they are able to do with
this. And then the most random one thing I saw there was someone pointing out that there was
a textures for, uh, Beavis from Beavis and Butthead and, uh, F zero X. I don't know. There's a lot of
like weird stuff that they used to like put placeholder in there. Um, I know there's like a
place that way. So, um, let me, I gotta, I have to bring this point out because our chat, our chat is
getting into it here. I know there's plenty more to talk about, but you know, a very real point
here from Bobby in our chat room saying the thing about this whole story is that sucks is that this
is corporate theft. I know it's interesting, but we're celebrating corporate theft here.
I don't know if celebrate is the word I would use. Like, this is one of the things we're like,
it happened, we didn't do it, but it's out there now. And it's, you know, we're all kind of like
looking into it. Um, it's kind of like the Sony pictures, email leaks. Like that was a crime
that was theft or, you know, it's not like we rated the Parthenon and stole, you know,
Greek architecture from it like a hello British museum. And to be fair, to be fair, I don't think
Bobby is like saying, you guys shouldn't talk about it because everybody's talking about it.
So I think when he says that he means like we, as the, you know, gaming fans are sitting here,
like diving into this going, Ooh, isn't this fascinating? Ooh, this is cool. But I mean,
at the end of the day, it's stolen shit. Like this is not stuff that was meant for public eyes,
you know, and, and now this has another quandary out there. Do you, can you count this as gaming
history or should stuff that was sent to the trash be private? I don't know. It's, it is a
moral dilemma and not one I'm sure we can easily answer here on OLR. Um, and this is one that I
think a lot of historians are struggling with right now because yeah, like Luigi and Mario 64,
that's huge, but that was put in the bin. It wasn't supposed to ever be found. These character
designs for Star Fox 2, again, another great example. Yeah, the pilot designs all looked
awesome, but the reality is they're not real. You know, you know what I mean? When I say that,
right? They're not real because they didn't get to that finish line in the game. And you even have
some designers going like, wow, I kind of like forgot about all that stuff. So like, I don't
know, like there's that part of me that's like, ah, I wish Nintendo, you know, okay, make lemons
out of lemonade. Like this, this happened. It's unfortunate. It sucks. This happened,
but maybe the silver lining here. And I'm kind of going back to an old adage that I think of,
you know, I love my drag queens. And I think it was Alaska was the drag queen that said,
you know, if they're going to drag you over the internet about it, put it on a t-shirt and sell
it. And that's kind of the thing I'm giving, that's the advice I'm giving to Nintendo here.
You know what? This sucks that this happened, but maybe it shows that there's like people
are drooling and salivating for a little more of this gaming history here. So why not put out an
app on the switch, charge $1.99 for it and start filling it slowly with videos, kind of looking
back and basically selling people some of the information that's in this leak that's already
out there anyway. And Nintendo can do this. They did this on the 3DS with that video app that they
slowly populated with the Dino office every other week and all that stuff, right? So Nintendo could
kind of like do that and like, oh, and this one, we're going to look back on the design of Mario
Kart and how it got from here to there. And, you know, yes, I understand Nintendo wanted to keep
it secret. Nintendo didn't want this out there as well. Well, it happened. So yeah, like make a buck
off it or something. I love that watching those GDC or the GDC talks where they do kind of like
a post-mortem of different games and talking about the development process and like some of
the decisions that they made and stuff. I always find that stuff to be very fascinating. So I would
love to hear about some of this stuff. Like the Yoshi iterations, like first Yoshi was kind of a
hideous freak. The fun thing is that if you know some of the developmental history of some of these
games, you're actually looking back at that point in history, like the little human writers that
were in Mario Kart were actually just placeholders for a different kart game that it was going to be.
So, I mean, that's really all that those were. There was a, I think I did, you know, gaming about that.
But for me, I know it actually, I guess, kind of semi makes up for something that I got really
pissed off about. The channel that does Boundary Break had a boundary break for
Animal Crossing and Nintendo took it down. And I have a feeling that since the guy published through,
I think he published through Final Cut, if you publish directly from the app, then if the video
is taken down, they can actually take your assets. So for me, this is kind of like getting a little
bit back, at least on something older to see how it's put together. I mean, Rob can vouch for this.
How many times did I post like behind the scenes stuff for World of Warcraft? You know, when I got
my demon hunter, I was breaking that shit all the time. You know, I like to see what's behind the
scenes. And this for me, it's old. The assets are old. I don't know that, especially for the
old Animal Crossings, I don't know if we're going to be getting Animal Forest E Plus as a rerelease
anytime soon. Just saying. I don't feel, I don't feel that bad about it. I really don't feel that
bad about it. So it's a Pandora's box type of issue. But the reality is it's been open and it's
out there now. So you know, and I, the information is out there. So, you know, I, again, I kind of
land on what I hope Nintendo kind of can do is take this kind of bad situation and lean into it
a little bit and sort of go, all right, well, if it's out there, then let's try to put some context
to it and sell that and make money off of it. Because otherwise the information is just floating
around out there. And they'd be naive to think they're going to shut down every YouTube and
everything out there on the internet. Although y'all should be warned, they're going to try.
And that's, you'll notice why I don't have any of this on display right now. We can talk about it.
It's news, but I, I'm not putting it on screen, just in case, which I, at the end, I seriously
doubt Nintendo would come after this, but, you know, why, why, why risk it? So it's, it's out
there. If you, if you want to go look and you arrive at that moral conclusion that you can go
look, then it's very easy to do. Yeah. I mean, I don't know. I, I'm curious. That being said,
I'm still very curious about more stuff to come out. So let me see more things. Show me more,
more things that you find. I just saw one. It was the, a test model for the Super FX chip that was
link. I mean, a very low poly version of link that like is something you would see. Well,
obviously during that era, but, um, it was still pretty cool and they got to import it into
Starbucks to be able to see it. Yeah. I'm kind of like, I'm I'm for me, I'm kind of like, it is,
it is fascinating, but it does feel really dirty. Like it, it definitely feels like it's dirty.
And I think the thing that would set me off, which thankfully I haven't seen on my Twitter feed,
maybe I'm curating it very well. Um, is I think if somebody were to say, well, that looks like
garbage. I can't believe Nintendo was doing that. I would probably pop off on that because you
weren't supposed to see it. So don't go given that negative context to it. You know, it was put in
the bin for a reason or whatever. So luckily I'm not seeing that at least on my feed, but it's the
internet. I'm sure it's out there somewhere. Um, because there's so much negativity, unfortunately,
sometimes in gamer circles, I'm sure there are people that are using this information to pick
on Nintendo. And that is, that is very unacceptable, like beyond unacceptable in my opinion.
Um, but it's one of those things where I'm kind of like, it happened, we can't change it. We can't
unput the information on the internet. Um, I hope Nintendo will try to embrace it and make the best
out of it that they can. So, yeah. All right. Well, let's move on. Let's talk about, let's
talk about some things that, um, maybe in the future, let's talk about less about gaming's
past and look more at gaming's future for something that may be a part of the PlayStation
five. Uh, and one of those features is the potential of an activity button. Uh, and this
is coming from, uh, a European outlet named game reactor who did a preview of a racing game, WRC
nine, uh, which is going to be launching on the current gen like PlayStation four, Xbox one, as
well as the next gen PlayStation five. Now, as part of the presentation, there was an activities
function that was demonstrated described as an instant deep link to specific races directly from
the PlayStation five's menu. There was even a tweet about it that said, uh, or features such
as PS five's activities feature in parentheses, an instant deep link to specific races directly from
the console's menu. I pretty much read the same thing twice. Sorry, but that's what it said on
the tweet that is now gone. Um, so somebody probably asked for that to get pulled. Um,
so this could be a thing that's in PlayStation five's future. Think of it as an, it is kind of
one of those things where I was like, really? That's a feature. Just jump right to level two
or something. But if you think about it, some games, they take a long time to configure, you
know, it's like, okay, press the start money menu to begin loading, loading, loading, loading,
select which race you want to do to player, select your vehicle, loading, loading, loading,
loading, you know, and then you'll finally, it takes a while and you get into the race.
And what if there was a way you could say, you know what, I want to set this up as a shortcut
so that I just go right into the action. And I do feel like the speed of playing the game,
the speed of getting in there is something that they're really pushing on PlayStation five with
their solid state drive, as well as, you know, Xbox series X to an extent as well. You've seen
some of the things out there where they've talked about, like, you're going to be able to keep
multiple game instances open in the background and kind of jump right to your position in one
game or the other. So definitely that speed of jumping right in there is something we're hearing
a lot about. So this makes a lot of sense from that perspective. Do you think this is a feature?
Does this seem like something that you might actually use in a game? The activities feature,
and I asked this of our chat as well, assuming it happens again, this is not confirmed,
but something that may be spilled out here. Probably not. You don't think it's true?
No. I mean, if it's something that I would use. Oh, sorry. Gotcha. Oh, did you want to elaborate?
I'm sorry. No, I just said no. As Joe and Matt says, I find this rather interesting and it fits
with Sony really pushing hard for non-existent load times. Yeah, it does kind of fit into that,
so it makes a lot of sense. Let me ask this of chat. Is there any game that you can think of
where this feature would be really useful? Like, I want to use a feature like this in this game.
It could be something that exists today. That's fine. I can think of several ideas for this. So,
for example, say you have Call of Duty and you play a lot of Call of Duty or something like that,
you could have a link or whatever that says jump to quick match lobby or something like that, where
it'll basically just throw you in. You don't have to load the game up, load up multiplayer,
load up quick match. It'll just put you straight into that lobby to be able to play that game type.
I can see that as a thing. Not so much like, say, oh, I'm pulling up Gran Turismo and I want to
race a specific track. I think that's more something that can be implemented software-wise.
But, yeah, I can see where there should be some value there.
I can definitely see. Sony is working a lot more with trying to kind of push their consoles the
definitive place to play Fortnite. You've kind of seen with that investment. I can definitely
see. It just seems obvious that you would see something in Fortnite where it's like,
jump into Battle Royale default settings just right now. Let's just go. Get on the bus.
So, I could see something without having to go through all the other screens and configuration.
I could definitely see something like that being, I think, something that'd show off. It would be so
requested by people, I bet. I wish they'd have something like it for Final Fantasy XIV, where
I could just bypass the login screen. I know I need a password to kind of keep things protected
and stuff, but I don't know. I wish there was a way to make that whole process faster. You know
what I mean? I just want to jump in the game. Just bring me to my main character or ask me for my
two-factor auth password once and let's get in. You know what I mean? Instead of, select your
server, select your character. Well, they sort of do like, going back even, they sort of did that
way. I mean, granted, not a great example because Grand Theft Auto 5. I mean, that is one of those
next-gen games now that we're touting that for PlayStation 5, even though it's been out for a
couple generations already. But one of the options that they had there was to be able to load
directly into Grand Theft Auto Online, which saves some time because the load times on that are
incredibly long. I'm hoping that, obviously, with a solid-state drive that they'll be much faster,
but it is something that they kind of had that idea in mind where you could just bypass some of
the load screens that way. But if they have this new feature where it's going to load things
much faster, then I could definitely see them just having it instantly jump into something like that.
That would be pretty cool. SSG100Matt in chat says, I envision it similar to having multiple tabs open
in a browser. You could, in theory, have multiple games playing at once and just jump around from
game to game, instance to instance, like switching tabs in a browser. My understanding is that is
what Microsoft has already talked about for Xbox Series X, is that basically you can have multiple
game sessions open. I just think that's kind of a waste. I mean, it wouldn't be anything that I
would use. But no, I have ADD. I have to play four games at once, okay? It's fine. Well, I mean,
I could kind of see it for myself because I do sometimes jump to like, oh, I just kind of want
to see what's on Twitch. Is anybody streaming? Okay, no, nobody's streaming. All right, I'm going
to go into this game and I'm going to take care of these things. Okay, now I just want to get into
this game. If something like this was on Nintendo Switch, I could see myself like, okay, I just want
to jump into Animal Crossing, do some of the tasks on my islands. Okay, I'm done. Let's go into the
next game. You know what I mean? And let me pick off where I left off on Xenoblade Chronicles.
You know, I could sort of see it, especially if there are games where you have kind of like daily
tasks that you go through, if that makes sense. But I can also see that, yeah, I mean, there are
features on every console that some people don't ever use them. There's a lot other OS on PlayStation
3. There's a lot of people that never used it. There's some people that really freaking miss it.
You know, it's just one of those things where different strokes for different folks.
So, all right. Yeah, SD100Matt says, I'm bouncing between streaming apps and games all the time.
You know, and I'm guilty of this too, is that I'll be playing a video game. Oh, wait, hold on,
pause a minute. Check my phone, check my Twitter feed. What's going on? And back to it. Like,
I almost think it would be almost more valuable and who knows, maybe this is the direction they'll
go, is if I could just hit a button and see the latest posts on my Twitter feed or what the latest
Twitter trends are. Okay, well, now I see what's going on there. All right, let me go back. And
for some people, that would be sports scores. For some people, that would be stock market. You know,
whatever it is that you're into, you flip to another tab, check it. Okay, now back to my game.
So, could be interesting. All right, moving on. Let's talk about some other events and Dark
Soccer alluded to this earlier. Yes, because, and I am doing it right the fuck now. I actually,
I put some of it on the stream. There is a new, well, it's already out the new update
for Animal Crossing New Horizons. And it has brought in a few things that I was super excited
about. So, you get Luna's bed, which you can then dream and Luna comes out. She was introduced in
New Leaf. We could visit the dream villages and people had very interesting dream villages. And
I will put it out there for anyone curious. I could village is back. And it is creepy. It
looks like it's still a bit in work in progress. But fuck it's creepy. Okay, so anyway, you also
have cloud backups. And that's very important to us the first thing, one of the first things I set
up. So basically, the cloud backups are going to be if your system is lost or stolen, and you have
to replace your system, you can restore your Animal Crossing village as of the last time
that it it backed up. And the game will of course do a backup when you aren't playing it. So really
useful tool. I know I tell everyone back up everything back up your computer backup everything
and your village with all the time and effort we put into it should really be no different. And
then the thing I'm doing right now fireworks and you can do custom fireworks although I'm checking
mine out and I don't I just put some of my patterns up there. But I'm not seeing any
Bob bombs or money bags or trogdor or anything like that. Huh? So I have I guess maybe they're
not going in now or maybe I have to set it off myself. You you know, you know, there are thousands
of islands in the world right this moment. Having a dick celebration with their fireworks. You know
and hold on for for our live listeners. I have it held up to the camera. It's a little blurry,
but you can see. Yeah, I see some fireworks going off in the background there. So it's
otherwise kind of looks pretty calm. Oh, no, there we go. Okay, so some larger fireworks are kind of
going off. They look pretty standard. It looks pretty it's a different look for the game. It's
something different. It's one thing I've really enjoyed and Dan and I were having this talk the
other day was how well lit and and how good the sound is in the game. Like it really makes use of
a pseudo surround when you're playing a handheld or when you're playing it on your TV. It'll use
your surround system. So like you'll hear sounds come in and out very subtle noises as you play
but lighting effects. The first thing that struck me for the lighting effects was during a
thunderstorm and having grown up in thunderstorm central. That is what the sky looks like is very
accurate. And I was like, Oh, my God, it kind of hit like a little homesickness in me. Oh,
interesting. But you know, right now you have crazy reds raffle. And he wants to get all the
money out of you. Five hundred bucks a ticket or bells, I should say. And there are 12 items in it.
You get a red sparkler, a blue sparkler, a fountain firework, a bubble blower, and Uchiwa fan, which
is something like this. Which is, yeah, like a Japanese it looks like it. I can't think of a
better way to describe it. I'm sorry. It kind of looks like a ping pong paddle, but it's a fan.
Yeah, it's fan. I think this one says Matsuri. So there you go.
I was trying to think of the word. I couldn't think of ping pong paddle, but my brain was going
in the same place. That's right. I also get a pinwheel, a tweeter, which I guess is like a
maybe a noise maker thing. Blue balloons, red balloons, yellow balloons, green balloons,
and pink balloons. And one of the other things, and people are ridiculously excited about this,
you can trip again. Yeah, I saw this. Yeah, yeah.
So going back, though, to the data mine. A user named Ninji, who does a lot of data mining,
found a few things from this update. And some of them aren't really like the biggest of surprises,
because these were referred to before. There is a new gyroid. It's 35 underscore gyroid.
And the one that I think it is, is the gyroid that appears with Luna. So I don't think that
one's anything different. But it does. It does indicate gyroids might like kind of
make a, because you don't see them a lot in the game. Yeah, they're there when you're building
a bridge or something. But I feel like they were like, it was such a huge part of the first game
was collecting them. So it's interesting. That's not there. Kind of just the point that they don't
have them right now. I bet they show up in a later update. I do. I just don't see that.
I'm sure that they are. Yeah. You know, and of course, you know, if you know actually what
they're based off of the Haniwa, they were buried with people. So you're digging up leftover
burials. I think that's hilarious. There are new item kinds. And it's all starts off with
VGT, I guess like for vegetable and then has name after it. So we have tomato, wheat, sugar cane,
potato, carrot, squash, and then map looks like different items in the map. And then any bush for
a plumeria. The thing that I would have loved to have seen that has been data mined before
and inferred in a game would be Brewster or Master as he is in Japan. They taught,
there was a rumor about the roost opening in the museum like it used to be. Although I would love
to have the full roost cafe. I think that would be lovely. I'd love to have the cafe. Making
drinks for your villagers and whatnot. I think that would be fun, but c'est la vie. We'll find
out eventually, but it just makes me happy to see so much support and seeing new stuff come out
every time. I'm delighted. Yeah. I like that they are, you know, cause I've kind of complained on
this show before. Like, all right, things are starting to feel a little stale for me. And it's
like, right when I start to get in that mindset, it's like, Oh, here comes an update. So I mean,
they are doing really good timing on that. I gotta say it's, it's working. Don't forget about your
seasonal items, Rob. There are two kimono. Of course, based on, I think based on legend stories
and then I think a Brazilian rodeo horse. So some pretty neat stuff. Yeah, definitely.
Look at your seasonal items. The Tanabata thing of course is over. So we have new things. You
just keep checking up on them. There are some really neat stuff. Now, if you meet things,
if you guys would mind, please share your dream codes with me, um, over, uh, in the
vog network discord, I think it'd be a great place to do that. So vog network.com slash discord. I
don't remember if we have an animal crossing channel. I thought, I think we did, but something
happened, but you can put them in the orange sounds radio channel. That's fine. Um, so please,
I'll go ahead and pass out my dream code. Oh, please. Yes. Yes. Zero two three seven
eight seven three seven four eight one six. I'll post it in our chat, but for listeners,
come check out. That's great. Thank you. I don't have one yet. Um, I haven't put it, uh,
I haven't put it in, uh, or I haven't put mine on the web yet. I heard there are some problems
if you advertise your social media on your passport with those dream islands, which to me is
ridiculous. It's just, it's overreaching by Nintendo, but whatever. I mean, I guess they're
worried I might have porn on my Twitter or something. Um, so whatever. But, um, so for
that reason, I don't have mine posted on dream yet, but I will probably edit my card. Most people
that come to visit me know my fricking social media at this point. So it doesn't really do
me any favors anyway. Um, Facebook group, we have a thread already for dream codes.
Of course the group is private. So if any listener is friends with me on Facebook or anyone who's in
that group, um, add, just say that you came, you know, like leave a note that you came from
listening to the podcast and I'll be sure to add you in, but you break my fricking rules and I
break your back. Oh my gosh. All right. I've already kicked out some, uh, two people for,
um, for breaking rules. Uh, well, the thing is that people were like doing,
one of the rules that I have on there is that you do not, uh, do, uh, sell, um, items for,
uh, Nook Miles or you don't sell Nook Miles for money, right? Because that's a good way to get
my channel banned. So I, and I, I, um, I will ban people for selling bootleg items. It hasn't
stopped me from buying, you know, a few amiibo cards for characters I wanted. Just keep it off
of, off of the group because that will get my places. Um, and, uh, I will say, so please post
some dream codes to the OLR channel in discord because I want to do a stream later this week
where I visit some islands and Jamie's will be one of the first that I will go visit. Uh,
the more codes we get, the more islands I will go visiting. Uh, my island is kind of hot garbage.
It's really taken over by roses right now cause I'm not very good at pruning them. So they have
just, yeah, they're, they're practically weeds. They're very colorful weeds. You know what though?
I'm okay with a rainbow explosion a little bit on my island. Uh, but yeah, I don't like running
around and accidentally picking up like all these flowers that fill my thing and I have to go sell
them. I get it. I get it. Just irritating. So once I clean my island, I will post a dream code as
well because I do, I do have some cute things I've done. I have my little Zen garden. It's cute.
So, all right. Right. I've had a better view by, by the way, the fireworks and actually one of my
custom ones did show up. So I'll just put it up there while, while we're moving on. All right,
well let's move on to the next story. So Loki, what do you have for us? Yes. So let's talk a
little bit about Minecraft again. So you can now play doom inside of Minecraft as well as
I've seen Minecraft played inside of Minecraft as well. Um, some other sort of, so it's this mod
called a VM computers mod allows you to build your own computer in game. And then I think run like
a virtual, um, PC. So you can do all sorts of things in there. Um, so of course people have
played Minecraft in Minecraft and, um, windows 95 and Minecraft and stuff like that. So a pretty
cool, um, thing that I don't know. It's a little unnecessary, but whatever. Uh, the one I actually
saw that was kind of funny. There was, um, a mod that someone did that actually this cause this
is actually kind of like doing an actual screen, but I saw one that actually they took a camera
feed and like projecting it onto actual blocks. So the blocks are changing to make the screen. So
it was very low res and someone actually played and beat Minecraft on that as well. But this is,
this is a little bit more practical as you can actually see and probably be able to utilize,
um, this versus the other way, but it's, it's a neat mod. I'm guessing if you have the Java
version of Minecraft, you can go check it out, but, uh, not for me necessarily. Cause I've been
playing mostly on bedrock, but it's still pretty cool. Um, Minecraft is such a huge game and it
has a really, um, you know, like a younger following that like your kids are into Minecraft,
right? Do you think something like this, I mean, I think a lot of us kind of like roll our eyes
at it. We go, you know, what are they going to put doom on next to toaster? But do you think
something like this actually kind of like helps a younger audience discover some of these retro
games through this? I don't think so because you would have already had to have them on your PC in
the first place. It's not like it's just giving you, like, it's not like, you know, finding a
retro game and say the, you know, early version of animal crossing or something like that.
This is more of like, Hey, it's a neat thing. I can play now doom on, on, on Minecraft.
I could also play doom outside of Minecraft. Um, it's more of like kind of a, just a neat thing.
Like, Oh, Hey look, I was able to get this to work. Um, is it practical? Probably not.
I don't know if this would maybe necessarily work in like, say a server or something where
you could run this and maybe have your friends play stuff. Um, I don't know. It's just, it's,
I think it's more of a silly thing to do. Now, DJ Rama S points out in chat,
you can run Linux on a toaster and you can play doom on Linux, but can you run the popular
screensaver application from the 1990s after dark on Linux, because then you could get toasters on
your toaster. Yes, you could. For the record, you can run after dark. Um, I think that you can run
it on any Mac up to Mojave. Um, after dark was the shit, like whatever happened to after dark,
like, I guess like you can still do it, but the thing is, is that, um, for, uh, Catalina,
it's only 32 bit applications. So, huh. Ah, all right. Well, let's move on. We have some more news
and I want to get to talking a little more about halo. Uh, we talked a little earlier in the show
about halo, but, uh, and, and Loki had talked about the battle royale mode, um, which I am
really jazzed about. And I hope that is something that happens. And I don't usually get into battle
royale, but I'm like battle royale and halo would be really fun because it's arcade and fast paced,
which I know Fortnite is very that way as well. But look, I come from a generation that I played
a lot more halo back in the day, especially the classics one and two. So like a battle royale
and that would be awesome. You know, it'd be really awesome. It would be a battle royale and
quake. And I'm sure somebody has already made that mod, but are there a hundred people playing it?
I don't know. Anyway, let's talk a little bit about, um, some of the graphics criticism that
came up, which again, I have to be honest, you know, and I talked about this on last week's show
and somebody even made a clip of it, which is really funny, but, um, like I, I didn't get the
criticism to the extent that it's out there. Like people are making it sound like it's a crime and
I'm like, it didn't look that bad. You guys calm down, but you know, yeah. Okay. There was some
pop-in and things like that, but obviously 343 industries, they've heard a little bit of that
feedback as well. So they made a blog post where community manager, John Juniezic, I hope I said
that right. Sorry. Uh, said that they have quote, heard the feedback, uh, and that the, the build
used to run the campaign demo was work in progress from several weeks ago with a variety of graphical
elements and game systems still being finished and polished. So, you know, kind of the typical,
like it's not done yet, so y'all need to hold on. Um, and then, uh, they also kind of talked about
how they're going for a classic style. They're getting away from Halo 4 and Halo 5 and Halo
Wars 2, and they want to go close to the original trilogy, which I think is a good move. And to me,
the demo really showed that. Um, so there was that. Um, and then they also talked a little
bit about the pop-in, uh, and this has to do a little bit with the dynamic lighting they're
saying, which is a little bit more technically ambitious than static lighting. Uh, and because
the campaign demo took place in like a valley where the sun wasn't really reaching it, and so
there isn't as much light, it looked a little drab. So that's kind of interesting. Uh, 343 actually
said they watched one of the criticism videos about this and said they agree with the assessments
and saying, we do have work to do to address some of these areas and raise the level of fidelity
and overall presentation for the final game. We don't have firm answers or outcomes to share yet,
but the team is working as quickly as possible on plans to address some of the feedback around
detail, clarity, and overall fidelity. Um, again, I'm still excited to play the game. I,
I'm not scared off by some of the stuff they've been talking about. Um, I'm kind of jazzed that
they're going for a more classic feel. The fact that they're injecting a modern battle
royale into it. I haven't been this excited for a Halo game since probably number four.
Um, it's, it's been a while, so, um, I'm excited. So we'll check it out. Um,
let me ask a quick question though of chat and my co-hosts, because obviously we live in the
day and age of instant, instant feedback. Thanks to Twitter. We, we love instant feedback. Thanks
to our chat room. That's part of, that's been the backbone of the show for the years that we've
been doing it, but you know, an independent podcast and a large video game developer,
two very, very, very different types of audiences. Um, in this day and age of that online criticism,
is this helping games development? Did this feedback help Halo Infinite or is this holding
it back? What do you guys think? Any feedback is good. I think as long as it's constructive.
Right. Constructive is a very important term because certainly we've seen the bullshit,
like death threats, harassment, uh, racist, sexist, you name it type of language.
And we can all agree that's all bullshit and does nothing, but constructive feedback. Um,
yeah, I think constructive feedback that you're hearing a lot of it in this, that that's kind of
the message they're receiving from it. What do you think? What do you think, Logie?
Um, I don't know. I mean, I think any feedback's good. So at least they know if they're on the
right track or not. Um, I'm just curious to see what they do with it. I mean, obviously
gameplay has been pretty much a focus of them, so I'm excited. I didn't play a lot of, uh,
Halo. I mean, I've kind of gotten to it like Halo three, but I never really played much aside from
like going to a friend's house and playing some multiplayer of, uh, one or two. But yeah, I mean,
I don't think it's going to be a bad thing. Yeah. Well, we'll see. I'm also kind of like,
Oh, they don't have a lot of time to really fix things. I mean, if this game's coming up for the
holidays and they probably already are on an aggressive track to try to get this game finished.
So I wonder how much of this we're going to see in like, uh, day one patches. I know that'll be
a big one. There's probably gonna be a big day one patch. It's going to address some of this as
well. Um, VG realness. Oh, interesting. I love this comment. VG realness says,
I think the best example of instant feedback, despite its methods and delivery,
important disclaimer there was the Sonic movie and SSG100 Matt echoes that saying,
I was thinking that. Yeah. And that was very recent memory when that first Sonic trailer
came out and most of us responded to that and that original design by saying yikes,
but they, they heard that loud and clear, went back, reinvented it and the finished product.
I think at the end of the day, it seemed like a lot. I still haven't seen the movie. I really
need to, especially since I sit at home all day. Uh, I, I think there that it came out a much
better product as a result and probably made a ton more money than it would have, whether it was
that that whole controversy created more public awareness or whatever it was. I it's kind of
interesting to me. So that's very true. Very true. All right. Um, let's move on. We got a
lot more stories to get to and we're running a little long tonight. So I might, I might
accelerate on some of these stories, but, uh, dark Sakura. Well, um, something very
stupid is going to happen. And you know, when I say something as stupid, it's going to be pretty
stupid. Um, there is going to be the legal legends championship and it's happening in Shanghai.
Um, even though we're in the middle of a global pandemic, um, riot games announced that it's
going to take place on September 20th between September 25th at October 21st with the finals
at the Pudong soccer stadium or football stadium. Um, they are promising safety measures, but
no, no, no, but Jamie hasn't China beat COVID.
No, they, they had to, as far as I understand, they had a massive resurgence again.
So no, now they said that they're going to be, um, you know, having like abilities for virtual
fans, but it's, it doesn't, first of all, there's the risks in travel. There's the risks in staying
at hotels. There's risks in restaurants. There's a risk of being around that many people and
fuck them. You know, and somebody posted a story in discord. That's kind of tangential
to this whole thing. It was about a call of duty competition and, and sorry, I don't have discord
up in front of me right now. Yeah. But like, there's like, one of them was supposed to be
a virtual event, but they like went rogue and did it anyway in person. And Oh my God, like,
you know, and I think everybody that was in discord kind of had the same reaction I did
where it was like, what the fuck are they thinking? Like I, it, they weren't, it blows
my mind that people don't take this seriously. Like I, I, I very much like when it comes to
politics, when it comes to should pineapple be on pizza or not, I try very hard to put myself
in somebody else's shoes and see things from their perspective. This is one of those things.
I can't do it. Like, I don't understand why people are so insistent on this whole thing being made
up or fake, especially when like, you know, and I, y'all know I went off a couple of weeks ago
because I knew somebody that was affected by this, but now we're, we're hearing celebrities,
politicians. Hello. We thought that my mom had it, you know, and you know how frightened I was.
Yeah. You know, my, my little brother had it and may actually still have it. And then of course,
there's all the long-term, uh, detriments now, um, permanent lung damage, um, uh, bringing on
other symptoms, uh, people developing fibromyalgia, for example. I mean, it's, it's bad. It's really
bad. And you know, people like, Oh, it's a political, no, it's not a political thing.
It's a human thing. Okay. We just, and I was even telling one of my, one of my friends from
my synagogue, she's like, so if you go out traveling, do you do the, the two weeks social
distancing when you get home? And I was like, well, first of all, I don't go out traveling,
but if I did damn right, I would be staying at home because I actually give a shit about other
people, you know? Well, I think I put it that way. I think what actually what I said is that
not distancing is selfish. It means you don't care about other people. It's not a political
thing at all. And as I was really dismayed, I went to, um, my sister meeting today, um,
cause they were going to do like a big makeup tutorial and I thought, Oh, it's all going to
be, you know, upper face and people are going to be wearing, no one was wearing a mask except me.
And so I stayed as much of a six foot distance from other people as I could. I kept my mask on.
There was no way I was going to expose myself and you know, I ended up just leaving. I mean,
and I love my sisters, don't get me wrong, but I'm, I'm just not comfortable around it. And then,
you know, I'm not trying to make this about, about me, but I'm also immunocompromised.
Yeah. So, and especially since I have that pneumonia, my lungs are already,
I'm still on asthma medication. There's a chance it could have been COVID,
but I couldn't get a test. And so now for people like me who thought they,
who might've had it and couldn't get tested, we're living in this sort of Schrodinger's virus
state, you know, and, and then, you know, they're also now saying that even if you had it,
the antibodies aren't lasting. I just, I, every day I just hope, and I, I don't, I don't know if
I like to say pray, but I just, I wish very badly, um, that there's some good news on this front with
the multiple vaccines that are happening because with every day that goes by, I keep thinking
other people are going to get me killed. You know what I hope? I hope that, um,
I mean, you know, they're already talking about the pharmaceutical companies are really wanting
to gouge, uh, prices for, uh, for these things. And I think it's absolutely disgusting. Um,
but I am hoping that when we have the vaccines that they're going to be made available to
everybody. I really do. Same.
Um, and I mean, and I'm going to just say one more thing about it. You know, as a student of history,
all you have to do is look to the past. All you have to do is look to the past and see,
you know, for example, when the, um, when the Spanish flu was a thing, they had this whole
drama where, um, people didn't want to wear their masks and there were people lobby. And just like
we see today, and you saw the second surge of, um, of Spanish influenza killed bright people.
One of my favorite artists, um, egg on Shayla died of Spanish influenza. Um, his, uh, I don't
know if they were married, but his lady was pregnant and he did a painting called the family
that was her and him and their, their fetus as a child. And she died right after that painting.
And he died right after her and that knowing that that's actually the thing that's been really
driving this home for me is to look at such a genius artist and think there are other
genius artists now who are dying from this plague. Yeah. So, okay. I didn't mean to go on a tirade,
but maybe it isn't directly about video games, but it's on everybody's mind. So, you know,
and this is a place for that type of stuff sometimes. So anyway, let's, you know, we'll
just keep our fingers and toes crossed that, um, we just, Hey, at least I know I'm taking all the
precautions best I can. Um, but I can't control other people. That's all we can do. All right,
let's move on. Let's, let's talk about, let's talk about somewhat happier news and talk about
an old game. Still going all the, a game that's been going as long as this show.
Yeah. What's my remake coming out? I mean, seriously. So final fantasy 11, the game that I
like spent so many years playing and, um, they're announcing that they're getting yet another update
to it. You might think, geez, you know, are they done with that game yet? No, apparently not.
So they're doing a brand new update. That's going to add a whole new storyline to the game as well.
Apparently it's going to be more end game content. So you have to play through the last update that
they had. And, um, yeah, I mean, it looks like there's some other enhancements being done to the
beast master class, but that's pretty exciting. They're still doing updates for that game.
When's the port or remake coming out? Yeah. That mobile port discussion really disappeared
in the last, what's just feels like it's been like five years since they showed that off.
I mean, honestly, it's not going to be siphoning that many. I don't think anyone's going to be
leaving final fantasy 14 to play it. Yeah. It would be nice to have it like updated.
Or charge one subscription fee for multiple games would probably still rake in, you know,
decent amount of money. Why not? It works for game pass. Right. So there is that. So, um,
I have you, have you ever been tempted to go back and check it out all these years later, Loki?
I remember I played a little bit on a pirate server a while back and that was okay,
but it was really empty. It would be better if I had friends playing it because
I did like how fast they had really like boosted the percentage of, uh, XP that you would get.
So the rates were really fast. So you could solo yourself pretty fast through that game. Um,
but it still was like really barren and there was like no one there and going back to it after so
long, not playing it. Um, I didn't remember what to do for most of them. Like, I don't remember
where I had to level up here. So it was a little difficult there, but, um, I do like the fast
progression through that and it would be nice to be able to play some of the other expansions that
way. Cause, um, it was a real bear to have to like, you know, search for parties and stuff
too. And the level caps thing was also annoying. Um, it was terrible being a white mage. Yeah.
So like, um, I would like to go back and try it again, but like, I don't know. I'd have a hard
time justifying pain 12 bucks a month. Yeah. All right. Uh, let's move on, um, and talk about
something, uh, a little newer, uh, but coming to a new console, this was pretty quick, but, um,
this week cuphead released on the PlayStation four. Um, and this, this game of course was already
out on, uh, uh, Microsoft, uh, areas like, uh, windows 10 and, um, Xbox. Uh, and then, uh, it
was out on switch a few months ago. Um, but now it's out on PlayStation four, um, and they came
out this week. There were some, there were some leaks and things leading up to it, like, uh,
another store in another country had to add some artwork up. So people kind of knew it was coming,
but, uh, it was confirmed in an official PlayStation blog post that hello, it's here today.
And obviously if you haven't played the game yet, it's a, it's got amazing art direction in the
game. It's, it's really a stunner, um, in that regard. Um, but it is kind of also interesting
because, you know, studio MDHR, uh, kind of had a partnership with Microsoft going on.
So is it kind of weird to see this on it, but it isn't, I don't know if the Microsoft logo shows
up on the boot of the game or something like that, or if there was some type of like other
agreement there, but it's just, it's interesting to me that these Microsoft things, like it made
once it made some sense on Nintendo, but it's really weird when you see it on PlayStation,
like Minecraft. Right. But of course, as you guys know, that predates the Microsoft, um,
acquisition there, uh, why Minecraft is on PlayStation and Nintendo systems.
It's kind of interesting, you know, um, they also made a brand new animated short,
uh, which is like a stop motion. Uh, and you can check that out on the official PlayStation blog,
but yeah, if you haven't played Cuphead yet, uh, definitely take a moment to, uh, check it out.
It's a great game. All right. Aren't they doing like a cartoon series as well? I swear,
I saw something like that too. Yeah. Like again, this vape, this huge, massive video game, uh,
on streaming services, uh, barrage of stuff. Yeah. I feel like Cuphead, something we've seen in that
too. I get sounds like something that would be a Netflix thing as well. Yeah. Did you remember
S and chatter both saying cup had the cuphead show on Netflix. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Was it on now
or is it coming out, uh, in development? Yeah. It's probably one of those things that's going
to be held up a little bit by what's going on in the world. Although animation can probably
done a little, a little easier, uh, at home than, uh, the live shot stuff. But anyway.
Oh, absolutely. Well, let's take a trip down memory lane. Uh, and let's go to a time when,
uh, we didn't have Netflix to get series for shows. You had the super Mario brothers super
show, and that was it. It's the classic game of the week. And every week here on the program,
dark soccer steps into the gaming vault to find a game that she thinks, Hey, you brat should be
checking this out. Um, but once a month dark soccer likes to mix it up and you know what
pinball are video games too. Kinda. They're just very different. Uh, so, uh, it's time
for the classic pinball of the month. Dark soccer. What did you pick for the, um, classic
pinball of the month? That your hint? Yes. I think it's a good one. Let me put up some of the
footage too. Um, Indiana Jones, the pinball adventure, not to be confused with the 2008,
uh, Indiana Jones game that Stern did. So, and also on top, sorry, I quickly want to point out,
I'm using a video cause this doesn't exist in the, um, FX games and all that. So, um,
this pinball table may be a little click clacky in the background. If the noise is too much,
let me know and I'll turn it off. You guys can see the table well enough right now.
Okay. Well, I don't hear anything. Yeah. You and Loki won't, but the listeners will.
At any rate. Um, this one was one of, uh, it was by, uh, Midway Williams. Um, and it was one of
their super pin series, which is a wide body table. Um, and it was the first pinball game to
ever use the Williams DS, uh, sorry, DCS sound system. Um, and it had, um, I mean,
some of the amazing stuff with a lot of effort went into this one. Um, the game itself came out
in 1993. Um, and it was, uh, uh, designed by Mark Ritchie, who is the younger brother of Steve
Ritchie. And we all know, I love Steve. Steve's a cool guy. Um, but, uh, and apparently he's still
doing voices for the pinballs. Cause I hear his voice all the time now on AC DC, um, of the other
super pin series. Um, for example, one was Twilight zone, which is another one I have in
star Trek, the next generation, which is another one I have. Um, we, and yes, we do have Indiana
Jones right now. And it was also, um, uh, a game that included clips from the first three of the
films with, uh, John Rice Davies, um, re re uh, pricing his role as Salah for new, uh, for new
speech in the game. Um, so it's got a different, uh, a few different features. There's actually
a long shaped mini play field for a roll down game. Um, you have to steer the ball by tilting
the mini play field left and right. It's called path of adventure. Um, other modes in the game.
Um, let me get those pulled up real quick. Um, we have, uh, gosh, I lost the mode list. Oh, well,
that's fine. Cause you know, you still gotta play the game for yourself. Now this particular game
also has, Oh yeah, there it is. We have get the idol where you have to, uh, get the idol by
shooting a lock sink hole. You have the Raven bar, get the medallions. So these are all for the
Raiders. The lost dark ones. You have the streets of Cairo, the well of souls, which is a six ball
multi-ball, um, with a lock hole. That's worth 2 million points multiplied by the number of balls
and play balls. Um, you have Indiana Jones and the temple of doom. So you get monkey brains,
uh, steal the stones escape in the minecart, which is a video mode. Um, video modes kind
of irritate me, but this one's pretty fun. Um, you have also survived the rope bridge,
um, which, which, uh, it's a successive ramp shot one. Um, and you score 10 million each. Um,
and then Indiana Jones and the last crusade, um, you have the castle, but they misspelled it as
Grunewald. So, um, Yay for that. Um, it was a drop target. You have take chase. Um,
you have three challenges and then the choose wisely, which is another video mode where
basically you're choosing your grail. I mean, sorry, it's not a spoiler to say that you got
to get the Holy grail at the end of the damn movie. Um, and then, um, you'll get, uh, you'll
get like different animations. So if you, if you choose the right grail, you get the night saying
you have chosen wisely and get 20 million points. If you choose the wrong rail, you'll see the
animation of the Nazi dying in the night. We'll say you have chosen poorly with the face melting
and all that. The face melting was in Raiders of the Lost Ark. Cool. This is last crusade.
Oh, so it's the Nazi dying. Um, and you get five million points. Um, for your multi balls,
of course there's the regular multi ball, um, which, which is, uh, for three drop targets that
cover a hole and then you shoot, lock the hole, you know, et cetera. You have quick multi ball,
which is a two ball multi, um, with different modes. You have the fish of tails, you have the
cross of Coronado, the remains of your hockey, the diamond of Shanghai and the idol of the Incas.
You have the well of souls, which is the six ball multi ball, and then the eternal life,
which is another six ball by completing all 12, uh, uh, modes that like start modes is
basically your, uh, your wizard mode. Um, and on top of that, so there is another
fun thing about this game. Rob, do you know what that is? No, because I actually haven't played
this table ever. Um, I'll give you a hint. Uh, Trader Sam's, uh, alcoholic beverages.
No, I tried. This is a table that had the distinction of being at Disneyland
in a custom, uh, a custom, uh, cabinet. Um, and there are plenty of people who have, uh,
recreated the Disneyland, uh, cabinet, uh, with its custom side art. And I mean,
you remember this one, right? It was in trader Sam's. If you went all the way over to the left
side of the building and it was tucked away, it had the custom artwork and everything. It
was really cool. Um, I was blown away. We even got into trader Sam's that one time we went,
we had to wait outside for like an hour. Um, so I don't remember seeing the whole machine.
I was just excited to have a fruity alcoholic beverages. No, no, no trader Sam's across from
the Indiana Jones ride. No alcoholic beverages there. Why am I thinking of the place at the
Disneyland hotel? I don't know why that's where my brain went. My bad. Do you know what I'm talking
about? That bar too many Disney places. Sorry. Okay. Okay. I do vaguely remember that now.
Okay. You're right. They did have a pinball table there. Yeah. It's it's really, um, you know,
and I thought it was great that they even went so far to have one with the custom cabinet and
everything. Um, I'm trying to see if I can find it. Um, uh, Jones pinball. Cause yeah,
they did some crazy stuff to it and yeah, there's a, uh, video of people playing it. Okay. So I've
got the picture now. Sorry, uh, people at home, you're just going to have to Google it yourself,
but I'm posting something in chat and Rob, when you see it, it'll instantly look familiar. Um,
but yeah, they ended up taking it out when they restructured, um, more of trader Sam's to expand
it for other items. So, um, and then you can also find other people's, uh, custom. Yeah. I,
I remember that store. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Um, but it's honestly enough. Um, just,
again, it was a super nice touch. Um, and of course, lots of people being fans of it have
since, um, recreated it. And so, uh, a lot of times you'll find this modifications that people
have in their own homes. By the way, dark soccer, I have good news. I'm not crazy. The place I was
thinking of was also called trader Sam's enchanted Tiki bar. Ah, Sam talking, or maybe it's just
called the trading post. Yeah, maybe, maybe you're crazy. No, it's fine. It's like, there's a lot of
places because they, you know, on the jungle cruise and actually, yeah, it's across from
the jungle cruise and Indiana Jones. Right. It's just a little bit further past. Yeah. But, um,
but yeah, I mean, I was even telling Dan, I wouldn't, I wouldn't be full of hate if we did
our table like that. Cause it's really freaking cool. Um, and on top of that, the wood thing,
one of the things I liked about having that wood rim on it, I have a bad habit of getting little
like lines on my wrist from hitting the metal guard, uh, on the top of the table. Um, and
this, you know, I have like a little tilt sometimes that I'll do where I actually shake
the top of the table. And so, uh, this was easier to do, not like a tilt, but, you know,
just like nudging the machine. You don't want to tilt and Siri answered me for some reason.
But yeah, so anyway, that's, that's your game. Um, it is, uh, Indiana Jones,
the pinball adventure. Oh, and one other thing about it. Your, uh, your, uh, trigger is actually
a gun. That's not the only people game to do that though. If I'm not mistaken, I think, uh,
judge dread does it. And I think that star Trek is a phaser, but Dan had it for the longest time.
And like, this is going to make sense to nobody, but people who have been in my house.
Um, where, cause we have, uh, pinballs in the dining room and he had it on the most
outmost edge. So I would walk by it, go into the kitchen. And if I was a little bit sleepy,
I would hit my thigh on that damn gun. And I'm just going to tell y'all that hurts. That hurts.
It hurts. Not good. Um, quick question from SSG100 Matt. And as we kind of come back,
I'll, I'll turn off the pinball table. Oops. I need the shot that has my co-host on it. There
we go. Um, as we come back to the show here, um, as you want her to Matt asked this question,
a serious question, what is an effective pro tip way to nudge a table? Um, so actually there are
a bunch of channels out there that teach you the secret skills, like how to nudge. There's
an article about it on pin side, um, which, uh, I would be, uh, more than happy to link. Cause
there's some video in there. I'll put that in chat right now. Um, but I've seen people do it
different ways. You know, some people just use their upper body strength and shake the table.
Um, now me, I use my knees. I also don't really get a lot of motion out of it. I'm not really
someone to play for nudging, but, um, I would always do it on a couple of tables that drifted.
So it would just be to knock the ball back into play when it was about to drain or went down the
wrong area. Um, I would sometimes use it on, um, Twilight zone for the MA and a black Knight for
the Magna save. Cause you catch it in the Magna save. And if you start the tilt right when not
the tilt, but the nudge right when, um, you're releasing from the Magna save, you can get it
further back into play. Um, I, I I'm one that I use my knees. I dodged the side of it with my,
you know, with my Chinle power thighs. Um, yeah. Yeah. Uh, some, some guys will just,
we'll do a full on shake. Dan's a shaker. Wow. Um, another one that I like to do, I was talking
about, so, um, I will, depending on what flipper side that I need, I'll use the opposite hand,
put it on top of the table and give it a shove. So yeah. Um, that's actually 100 masses. There's
people who quickly slap, slap the side of tables. I'm a slapper. I'm definitely a slapper for me.
I listen here, you dumb machine, but you know, I have problems with my wrist,
so I'll hurt myself doing that. So I actually just use my inner knee. I will shake it by knocking
the legs or the corner edge with my knees. So I do the, the Chinle power thighs. All right.
Well, there you go. Your classic pinball table of the month, Indiana Jones as seen it doesn't
have a little bit. All right, let's move on. Let's get to some rapid fire news. We're going to
quickly go through some other news here. And by the way, as I don't think I mentioned it towards
the top of the show, I think you did say it dark soccer, but just to make sure everybody knows
dark Sakura, thanks to some changes, um, in her day job and schedule and stuff will no longer be
departing the show at the halfway point regularly. I mean, there are unexpected things will come up,
but, uh, we're going to have her all night. Yay. All right. Um, for the foreseeable future,
at least for the next six months, unless my schedule changes again. So I'm super,
super happy about it. That's always good news. All right. That's the closing shift.
Let's get into some rapid fire news. Loki. So, um, there's more stuff coming to Netflix,
more view game adaptations. So the first one that was announced was beyond good and evil is going
to be getting a movie, um, coming to Netflix. And that's currently in development right now. Um,
by, I guess, I don't know who necessarily working on it right now. Uh, let's see here. Oh, I'm
sorry. It's being held by the guys that did, uh, detective Pikachu. So director Rob Letterman and
produced, I guess, by Ubisoft, Jason Allman and, or Altman and Margaret Boykin. So pretty cool.
I'm curious if that's going to come up before the sequel does or not.
So we'll have to wait and see. Um, the other thing too is, uh, not only is that Ubisoft property
getting a Netflix, um, adaptation, but we're also going to get an anime series for splinter cell.
That's also coming to Netflix as well. So that's going to be, um, gain 16 episodes over two seasons
and it's being written by Derek Kolstad, who was the writer for John wick.
And he's also going to be the executive producer for the show as well. That's pretty cool. Um,
yeah, I'm surprised lots of good video game adaptation stuff coming to streaming services.
So looking forward to this. All right. And then, uh, let's talk a little bit about some
free games that we're going to be getting this month or free with subscription service,
I should say. So on the PlayStation plus side of things, we're getting fall guys,
um, ultimate knockout, which looks pretty cool. And call of duty modern warfare two,
uh, the campaign remastered is going to be coming as well. And that's going to be available on August
4th through the 31st. And I guess call of duty is going to be a July 20 or a call of duty should
be available July 28th through August 31st. So it's already available now. Um, and then from the
Xbox live gold side, we've got portal nights and override mech city brawl. Those are going to be
coming out for Xbox one and then the Xbox three 60 compatible games, MX unleashed and red faction two.
That's it. All right. Let's move on and talk about, sorry, I'm also typing in chat multitasking
because, uh, the idea got brought up for a drag race pinball table and I'm all about that.
All right. Anyway, that's what I want. All right. Uh, but I want it to be based off
of Canada's drag race, which I am now convinced is going to be the superior version of the show.
Uh, but I haven't watched it yet. They changed it up a little bit. There's no singular host.
It's a panel. So it's, um, uh, Brooklyn Heights, Jeffrey Boyer Chapman and Stacy.
And I can't remember her name. She's a very famous model, um, in Canada and she has a very distinct
look. She was in the fifth element. Um, and so they're all, they're all the judges and they're,
they, they kind of share it. They do everything. Um, and then what they do is that the guest host
every week, uh, or the guest on the palace does the RuPaul part. So they, they're the,
the guest is the one that comes out and says, welcome to the main stage. How's everybody doing?
So it's kind of neat. They kind of put a twist on it. So check it out. All right.
We do have emails tonight. So we, we do have the obligation to spare drag race talk. Sorry.
Uh, all right. Let's get into some other rapid fire news. And that is, um, an unfortunate follow
up to something we talked about a few weeks ago, and it is the dangers of talking about rumors and
weird things here, uh, as it turns out. So we had talked about that there was a F zero Twitter
account that showed up. And I think some of us were kind of taking the fact that it was F zero
with a great assault anyway, but it was that super Mario 35th anniversary one that was like, well,
maybe there's something a little more here. And it turns out they were both fake and the F zero JP
account basically started shit posting. And as much as we wanted to believe, it just wasn't
true. So, you know, sometimes the rumors are right. Sometimes the rumors are wrong and that
one was wrong. Um, although it doesn't mean that an F zero will never happen again. Just saying,
all right, moving on. Uh, something we do know will happen. This is not a rumor. This is, uh,
actual official news is that a new DLC character for soul caliber six sets. Suka will be coming
out on August 4th. That will be coming alongside 2.20 update for the game, which will have a new
stage as well. And some costume parts that you can use on your own character in the character
creator section. A soul caliber six, of course, is on all the different consoles as well as,
I don't know if it's on switch, uh, but it's also on a PC as well. Uh, and, uh,
Xbox game pass most notably. So I know that's where I have it right now. Um, but if I wanted
to get this off to pay a little extra money for it, cause DLC, but it is still a supporting
soul caliber series, which is a great fighting game series all these days later, uh, dark soccer.
How about you? Oh, we've got some stuff. Um, uh, another game that's a staple in my house
is bloodstained curse of the moon too. Um, and there is update 1.3.0. That's available as a
legend style where your enemies respond from off screen and one character dying counts as
all the characters dying. It's really difficult. They've done some bug fixes and some other things,
but yeah, so basically you're getting like hardcore mode. Yay. Um, and then also, uh,
they finally have a release date trailer out for battle toes. Like, didn't they bring that up like
in 2018? Um, but yeah, finally, um, yeah, it was E3 2018 on the Microsoft announced it and it was
supposed to be released last year, but it wasn't. So now we're going to be getting it.
So it's, it's weird that it's just suddenly like, Oh, by the way, it's finally coming out.
It's just like, Oh, okay. Uh, this is next month and okay. So yeah,
this was posted in August, so it's going to be September. So, and via steam and Xbox one.
Um, and SSG 100, Matt points out, you can call the evil G and ask when battle toads is coming out.
And now they'll give you a real answer. It actually is still August. Uh, I don't
know why they said next month. It's August 20th. All right, cool. So yeah, there you go.
All right. Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates starting in the
U S Loki. Well, as I mentioned earlier during, um, the games are remaining free on PlayStation
four fall guys, ultimate knockout is going to be coming out on PlayStation four as well as PC as
well. Um, then of course, we're also going to be getting fast and the furious crossroads on PC,
PlayStation four and Xbox one and horizon zero Dawn on PC. That's it.
That's a, that's a big one for a PC. Uh, I know desk stranding came out not that long ago,
and I do have some Twitter friends that are playing it for the first time. Thanks to that.
So it's kind of interesting seeing the reactions, um, to that, like, like the game is new in a way.
Um, let's talk about some Japanese release dates coming to the Nintendo switch in Japan,
the coma double cut. That's the name of the game. Uh, it's coming out on the switch
monster boy and the cursed kingdom makes its Japanese debut on August 6th and a La
Mulana collection. That's right. A physical edition of one and two in a limited edition
is also out this week in Japan somewhere. I hear dark Tetsuya going yay. Um, so, cause I know he's
a big La Mulana fan, uh, looking at the PlayStation four and the releases over there. Um,
well, this is awkward. My computer froze up, so I can't look at them right now until it recovers
here. Uh, live technical difficulties. Okay. It's, it's freed up again, but now I'm on the
wrong part of the page. Um, but I like to do switch and PlayStation four. No, I got it. It
just fixed itself just in time. Uh, we have a watchdogs one and two double pack in Japan.
We have a far cry for our cry three and four double pack. We also have the monster boy and
the cursed kingdom edition coming out in Japan on the PS four as well. And then a game called
VVV tunia. I don't know if that's like a stylized W or something. I do not believe this is at all
related to the game VVVVV. Although you might think that at first glance, no, this is more of a
anime based game there, uh, where you play melee and shooter characters and hack and slash battle.
And yet there is a rhythm thing that you actually team up with virtual you YouTubers and play like
a rhythm game in it. So I bet there's some of our long time listeners that are into this,
cause it sounds like it's got some music infused stuff in it there. So, all right. Oh yeah. And
Dr. Sia says, I've heard of this Bob coffee. It's a Neptune. Yeah. Game. Yep. Okay. So some of you
know this. All right. All right. Uh, how about Europe? Darzagra? Uh, Scully on the fourth
for everything. All right. The end. All right. Uh, let's go to the mailbag every week. You guys
send us emails, participate at orange laundry.com is the place to send us your emails and we will
read a few of our favorites on the show. Although if my records are correct, we have a one favorite
email to read tonight. Yes, just one. Hi. Uh, this is your friendly neighborhood Mexican act
deft. Last week, Rob gave his impressions of go Fest 2020. And while I agree with some of the
things he mentioned, I do want to give some of my own go Fest for me, wasn't bad at all. In fact,
I quite enjoyed both days of it. I will start with the things Niantic needs to improve on.
The first being server issues. They really need to upgrade the servers. Oh, sorry. My neck is stiff
or be better prepared for events. Um, like this one, because it's not the first time this has
happened that the APAC region, uh, get screwed, uh, one way or another for this. When the event
started in the Americas, it was all right after the first hour or so they had to handle more
than half a day with those server issues. And that's only my main gripe about go Fest. Really
the event was pretty good. Um, I will address the biggest complaint that everyone had though,
lack of Chinese. It does suck that there were people who didn't get even one, at least during
the first day. But the thing is that Chinese shouldn't be given out like they were free
candy. Yeah, they should have boosted odds and they did despite popular belief, but what happens
with community day Chinese, you end up getting 10, 15, 20, and then you don't know what to do
with them. I paid for Chinese. I read in here in some places I say, no, you paid for the event.
Um, and yeah, you paid $15 or 280 Mexican pesos or around that $12 us. Um, but you paid for
those special, uh, researches two days of special spawns and the team rocket event on Sunday,
not to mention access to the special legendary Pokemon like shadow Mewtwo and Victini before
everyone else that didn't pay. So for me in the end, it was really worth it. Something that a lot
of people don't mention is that a regular go Fest ticket is only one day. Therefore, that's why many
people do get a lot of Pokemon and Chinese because you are capturing or checking more Pokemon single
session rather than a spread out event like this year's also that a lot of people didn't go out
and probably just relied on incense like me to enjoy it. I got 20 Chinese in both days and I'm
happy with that, but I'm also happy to have experienced more than just getting Chinese
and did more to enjoy the go Fest itself, even under quarantine. So yeah, if you still think
that it wasn't worth it or that expectations were way high, you're definitely entitled to that
opinion. But my opinion is that I hope that they, uh, that they do this next year and hopefully
even way better than what they did now. Thanks for reading this and have a good week, everyone.
Thank you. Great email. And you know, not, not everybody has to agree with me a hundred percent
at a time and that's fine. Um, so, and honestly, I think everything that active said in the email,
like I, I get it like, yeah, you know, the, the comment about the shiny shouldn't be like candy
and how irritated do we get when, you know, you get like 11 of them and what the hell are you
supposed to do with all that? Those shiny is like, I kind of get that. And I think all that,
that feedback is fair for me. I still think the price was a little bit high. Um, but especially
when you compare like what the people who paid got and what the people who didn't pay got,
which was a lot of the similar stuff when it came to the biomes and things like that.
But like, you know what, if it made the game fun and it was something to do for a weekend,
it was the cost of a movie or whatever, you know, cool. And I don't, if, if I hated the game,
I wouldn't play it. You know, it's all about feedback and, uh, helping Niantic make the
game better and all of that. And I think they, there will be a lot that they're going to have
to put into next year's event. Um, my assumption is, um, assuming COVID is under control enough in
a year's time, let's hope good for goodness sakes, but assuming we're at the point where we can start
talking about larger events like that, at least outdoors, um, in a year's time, I, I would see
that there's probably going to be a live and virtual event. Why wouldn't there be make money
twice? Uh, it would be a great way to do it. So, um, I could see, I could see that the virtual
events will probably still be around in some fashion or another. So, um, it'll be interesting
to see what comes to that. Um, I will say this for as much as I really dug my heels in and didn't
care for the team rocket battling stuff, the day two of the event made it so easy that I did kind
of start checking more balloons after the event. And I've kind of been playing it a little more.
I mean, anything greater than zero is still greater than zero. Um, and I got really frustrated
trying to take out a leader today because they're way harder during the week, you know, during
normal playtime than it was during the Go Fest. They were, they were rollover easy during Go Fest.
Um, but, uh, yeah, but I mean, of course you don't want the game to be a hundred percent a gimme
either. I should be challenged a little bit. So I will say I'm warming up a little bit, just a little
bit to that mode. It's still not the bread and butter of the game for me. Um, but I can, I can
get into it a little bit. So, um, and as is being pointed out, uh, in chat a couple of places, um,
SD100 Matt is saying they did screw up a portion of the game that they plan to redo that portion
as a separate event. That is true. Um, and I'm sure you probably had already heard that it's in
the end game news, but they are going to be doing a three hour makeup event of sorts, uh, in mid
August. I forget, was it the 16th? I don't remember. I could be mixing it up with community day.
Um, but they are going to be doing a, a makeup event. So that'll be cool. So, all right. Well,
thank you for the email. Appreciate that. Send us more participate at orange lounge radio.com.
In the meantime, let's get to some more stories, uh, here tonight. Loki.
All right. Um, so this is something I actually have personally experienced myself. So
there's been a lot of talk on, um, Twitter recently about the PSPs, uh, batteries
swelling, and I've actually had this problem myself. So yes, if you own a PS,
I'm sorry. Same. Yes. I was going to say, if you own a PSP, double check your batteries,
cause they may have swung or swelled and that's, you want to dispose of them. Um, I've had several
batteries in my PSPs. Actually, I think all of them have had to be basically thrown away because
they have, uh, swollen. I first noticed that actually with my, I had a Pandora's battery,
so there was a battery that you could use to actually hack the PSP. And that one was just
ridiculously swollen. Um, so that's unfortunate. Um, if you do play the PSP though, you can get
replacement batteries relatively cheap, but it's just, it's unfortunate that that's even a thing.
And apparently it is a wide spread issue, but not something that Sony's going to do about it
because you know, PSP is really old and I don't know what you're going to do, but it's also not
an unheard of thing for anything that uses a lithium ion battery, um, for the swelling to be,
it helps contain the content within, it happens to phones. I mean,
when you have a battery that's consumed or depleted and you're charging it again,
I mean, it's, it's not an uncommon thing across multiple technological, uh, disciplines, devices.
Well, all those of you that found our show through olrpsp.com, look out.
Well, I mean, yeah, it's just make sure that, you know, if you have your stored in like,
you know, somewhere, uh, the check on them, make sure they're not leaking or exploding or close
to, you know, breaking, you might want to put a dispose of them, uh, properly. Cause I know
I had to, I had to get rid of mine through the hazardous waste stuff. Um,
I don't even know if I could find my PSP at this point. Good Lord. I wonder where the hell it is.
I think the places like Best Buy will do battery disposal.
Yeah. A lot of those places will, I know them that you just drop it off, but,
um, yeah, just keep it in mind, especially if you have some of these older electronics that have
these types of batteries, you may want to check up on them just to make sure that they aren't leaking
or, you know, uh, expanding like this, uh, sucks for anybody that had the PSP go. Cause I think
that thing was like built in. Um, I just have the, the PSTV. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So that that's,
that's safe. I don't know where mine is. I still, I have it somewhere. I just can't
solely to play Danganronpa, uh, ultra despair girls. And then we played like that, uh,
Tempest, uh, 2000 clone. So like T2K or something. I have mine, uh, specifically right now to play
pixel shit. So, you know, there's that, uh, or I'm sorry, pixel poops. I think it was on, um,
the PS, the Vita. So, um, so yeah, it's, uh, it is unfortunate, um, that I had to get rid of those,
but what are you going to do? Yeah. So breaking news here on OLR, it's not video game related,
but it's related to something I always talk about every year. So, you know, how they do the crazy
flavors of Lay's potato chips every year, I had no idea they were doing it again this year,
but apparently they are because I just got a message from Alan that he has placed in the
shopping cart, Nashville hot chicken flavored Lay's and carnitas street taco flavored Lay's.
They get me some and I will come pick them up. Those are on their way home right now. And I
will be after the show tonight testing, assuming he gets home in time, but then we've been, I will
test them live on air. Seriously, Rob, if he's not on his way home back, tell him to get me too.
I will pick them up off your porch. Hold on. Feel time for me while I text, please.
All right. Cause I'd have to go get them on, um, on Wednesday. I'm on my day off for after work,
but I mean, I'm also getting thanks to one of our wonderful listeners. I'm getting a baconator,
uh, Pringles and I'm really looking forward to trying them. I haven't been able to find them
anywhere. Um, no, I know Dan wants the hot chicken ones. I won't touch those, but the carnitas
sounds delightful. There was a couple of other flavors too that look just amazing, but
it's funny. Like I eat more chips now than I used to ever eat. I have Calbee pizza chips. I have
honey butter chips. I have a bunch of chocolate cause I went to the Rocky mountain chocolate
company today that has nothing to do with video games. So, um, no, they do have to do a video
games. Cause you know what I do when I play video games, I eat chips. That's why I'm trying to play
more GPS games to walk this off to bring up something else about the giggle, the giggle leak
too. Um, is it, there was a hockey RPG and it's been talked about before, but yeah, the, um,
it w it, uh, there is a, there was a prototype version of this hockey RPG that never came out,
came out, come out eventually on the super Nintendo, but it never came out in the
Nintendo or the NES. Um, I was gonna say, so one of the things I'm, I normally, uh,
like to have is popcorn. Um, and because we threw, we rented a bounce house for my son
for his birthday because we can't go anywhere cause of COVID. Um, but we also rented a popcorn
machine and so the popcorn machine, you know, we, we try to pop, they, they gave you a ton of
popcorn, the pop, and um, I couldn't eat it all. So I popped the rest of it and put it in
this giant that I'm going to be eating all week. Love it. Yeah. All right. And Jamie,
good news. I think Alan did get my message. I think he's taking care of it. I'm waiting
on confirmation. So I can pick it up after work on Tuesday. Yeah, no worries. Just let us know
when to put it out. All right. Um, meanwhile, let's talk. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. We can do a trade.
That'd be fun. Cause when you do it off a card, you can actually pick what villager leaves. Huh?
Yeah. I actually, I think, yeah, I think I, yeah, I have, I have a few extra spares,
so I'll just give you my spares. Okay, cool. And I have all the Sanrio cards now,
so I think I've already sent you some posters. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Let's move on though.
Just got to make sure we get all the stories done. Uh, let's talk about a game that I,
I don't know if this game is savable and I I'm kind of curious of your guys' thoughts.
Um, but it's the game Anthem from BioWare. Um, and, oh, and I got confirmation from Alan.
You're good, Jamie. All right. Thank you, Alan. So, um, BioWare is going to be making some more
changes for Anthem and they did a big blog post and, uh, talking a bit about loot. And I think
it's worth mentioning because, you know, if you look at some of the games that have been salvaged
and they've been salvaged in a big way, you know, No Man's Sky, Final Fantasy 14, one of them that
comes to mind is Diablo 3. Um, Diablo 3 had the, um, problem with loot in the early versions of
the game. And it was one of the biggest changes they made to the game was to actually, um, sorry,
he just sent me a picture with like a shopping cart full of chips.
Hell yeah. Looks like, uh, looks like we're smoking weed tonight. All right. Anyway, um, sorry.
So loot was a big thing in Diablo and changing that and getting that right was a huge step in
making that game better. So some of the things that they're talking about doing in Anthem,
um, number one is respecting your time, increasing the frequency of loot drops, making loot viable
more often. I know I'm excited about the loot too, Mr. Smoosh, aren't you? Uh, that loot will
be viable more often and loot rarities will have value throughout progression. Okay. You can also
look for specific loot without having to rely on randomness. So that would be nice. You can also
modify your loot, kind of like reforging it, um, make sure that you can reveal and equip your loot
right away. Uh, and so on and so on. So they're doing some big changes to loot, but I can't help
but shake the feeling that this, this game is already gone. Like this, this game just,
they've got to move on. It's not savable at this point, in my opinion, they might try to do like a
sequel or an expansion cause that's kind of how Diablo did it. And I could see them maybe trying
to do it that way, but I just don't see how Anthem is like, people are going to care.
I haven't thought about Anthem in an age. I know, I don't think about it until we have
these type of stories. And then I feel like I'm only here to kick it while it's down because of
what my feeling is, whether it's true or not about what it did for Mass Effect, you know? So
if they would announce that Mass Effect remaster already, I might like be more
excited about Anthem. I don't know. Probably not, but, uh, all right. Uh, I was seeing if
anybody in chat was talking about it, but they're, they're talking about Mr. Smoosh
screaming in the background, which I don't blame them. All right. So let's move in here somewhere.
Oh, we had a really, this is not very loud. You missed a dark Sakura after you left,
but Stella Loki's cat, like jumped up on him and started like, Oh, did you see it? So,
so cute. Oh yeah. That's right. Cause the clip, I put the clip on Twitter.
She's sitting right here. Like she wants me to pick her up or feed her or something. I don't
know. I'm already switching. I'm switching Midna's food. So she's been kind of weird all day. I'm
about to put her on raw food. So I will say it's, it's cropped out of my shot. I'll just quickly
peek and show here. I do have the smoosh basket ready and waiting to see if Mr. Smoosh will come
back and sit in it as he did that one night. So if he, if he does, uh, my co-host will have to
understand that I'm going to cut them out for a minute for Mr. Smoosh to put that onto, or I'll
just move my, I'll pan my camera over. I'll be off cam. That's fine. I personally have to pause
the feed because, uh, a bandwidth and I'll get distracted. Although like where I have it paused,
I've got like this incredible side eye that might be worth a screenshot.
All right, let's move on. Dark soccer, you have a new story for us. What's old is new again.
Um, yeah. And, um, it's not really super new. The announcement's been out for a little bit,
but the analog pocket retro, which is basically, um, uh, a Game Boy, um, it's going to be portable.
It also will play, uh, uh, hold on, I'm getting the information about it. So yeah. So, um, it's
got a 3.5 inch, um, uh, 1600 by 1440 pixel display. Um, the nano loop music creation software,
it can play Game Boy, Game Boy colors, Game Boy advanced games natively. Um, and it's available
to pre-order starting on August 3rd, um, at noon Eastern. The analog pocket is, uh, 200 bucks.
And there's also a dock which has HDMI out and up to four external controllers for another hundred.
It looks really sleek. It keeps that bait that, uh, that Game Boy styling, like more like the, uh,
yeah, like the Game Boy color. Um, but it's got that clear screen. Um, and on top of that, um,
they, they did do a little bit of tweaking since their first, uh, release of the images.
Um, and they have, um, for the, uh, to protect it. There's also a transparent hard case, um,
that you can use with it. Um, and then cartridge adapters. So the adapters are really cool because
they'll adapt for Neo Geo pocket color game gear and done, done, done Atari links, which I think
one of our Atari links has just died. Kind of sad. Um, but at any rate, I mean, I think it's
going to be absolutely worthy. Um, I don't know if we're going to get one. We talked about it.
Um, you know, I would, I would be happy if it also like had an adapter for, uh, for, uh,
turbo graphics games. Cause the screen would definitely be better than that of the turbo express
or wonders one. I mean, that would be great too, but I'm not really complaining. It, it looks
beautiful. And the, the button shape looks actually pretty comfortable and analog has just
made amazing, um, amazing, uh, equipment. So I'm down. I, it looks, it looks really good to me too.
Like it's almost one of those things where it almost looks preferable to the original hardware,
which I don't say often, but those game boys were kind of bricks. They didn't, they weren't
very well lit. It would definitely break. Yeah. You know, they, they ate through batteries and
stuff, you know, they were great at the time, but I kind of loved the idea of taking these cartridges
and playing them on a device that, you know, and it's not really meant to like modernize the games
or anything, but just like make them look nice and crystal clear on a screen. Probably eats a
little less power. It's it just, it looks really good. Like I kind of want to get one. I kind of
have too much shit in this house already. And I bought an arcade machine this year,
but I'm still tempted. See my house, Rob. I know, I know, but you know, there's a lot here and we
want to make sure, you know, with some of my older systems, like, well, even the Neo Geo Pocket
Color, we had to have, um, you know, the, the lighting on it. Um, we found my Game Boy Advance
with its afterburner in it. My, my pink one, like I actually have a pink thing. Um, we found Dan's
his afterburner died. Mine still works. So, you know, it's nice to have something that's backlit
that will play everything in great clarity. The only reason I would really like want to have the
wonders one color addition on it would be to play, uh, the final fantasy games in, in higher
resolution. So, all right. Well, we just have a few more stories before we get to wrapping things
up tonight with your questions in our chat room over at twitch.tv slash a VOG network. But first
Loki. Yes. So there's a pretty cool achievement that's happened with, uh, Metal Gear Solid five.
So they have the whole cold war, uh, multiplayer thing that they could do where I guess you could
also, um, disarm nukes in the game as well. And apparently there was an achievement. I think once
that they had like either hacked to get, um, in the game or a hack to achieve it originally,
but then actually now they've finally done it officially without hacks, um, to basically
trigger this nuclear disarmament achievement, uh, which is pretty cool. So it happened on the 27th
of July. And apparently there was 2,500 nukes total, I guess on, um, I guess on the PlayStation
4, there's still 2,500 nukes in the 19,000 on PC, but PS3 one was low enough to where they were able
to actually make that achievement happen. But apparently it hasn't happened on the other systems
yet, but still pretty neat that people are, um, you know, trying to get that achievement, you know,
this what five years after the games come out. Um, I don't know, like, I think the only other
team I could think that's kind of like that word. There's a lot of collaboration was probably like
nobody, nobody boy where, you know, we have to reach the different planets and stuff for girl.
Or that old walking game on the Game Boy Advance. Was it everybody walks or something? I know some
game where it was just like a walking device that you kept with you. And then it was like,
we have all walked to the moon with how much we've walked. I don't remember the name of the game.
That that wasn't like on the, um, DS or anything like how they had like the stuff where it was a
3DS or DS that had no 3DS. I think it was on the advance because of that game is where they kind
of got the idea to build it into the DS and 3DS. Oh, okay. Yeah. I don't know. But yes, it's, it's
an achievement. Um, yeah, I guess we'll have to wait and see when that happens on PlayStation 4
and on the PC. It's kind of interesting to me that there's a very loyal community that
has kind of worked on getting this achievement and bringing this achievement and making it happen.
Um, I'm trying to think if I've ever worked on something like this for an old game, trying to
work on some achievement together. I can't think of anything. Can you guys?
I don't think I stick with a game long enough to do it. I don't know. Well, then again,
I don't know, like some of the stuff I talked about a couple of weeks ago on the show with
Ingress and portal scanning. I've done a lot. I broke 300 unique portal scans this week. So,
um, I've been doing that a lot still. So I guess everybody has their thing in one way or another,
but yeah. So, all right. Uh, moving on, we've got one more story for you guys.
And this has to do with, uh, a video game that I don't know. It was one of those games. It was
like, I don't know if it was really that good, but it was kind of one of those.
It was so bad. It was good. And that was Def Jam fight for New York. Uh, and there were some,
you know, different fighters in the game that were based off of real people. One of them being
Ice-T, uh, and Ice-T wrote a tweet this week saying gamer stuff. I think they really need
to reboot this game for the new consoles and actually put a picture on his feed of himself,
basically in a Def Jam fight for New York. And, um, you know, I, I think it's so obviously he
owns the game and he plays it sometime or whatever. Maybe, I don't know, maybe it was
at a friend's or something and saw it. Uh, but he was all about the idea for a reboot. Uh, this
dates all the way back to 2004. It was on PlayStation two, X-Box and GameCube. You could
play us like Snoop Dogg and, you know, um, other, other folks as well. We need that game back.
Yeah. What? They did reboot it. Um, Def Jam icon. It was a rhythm. It was a fighting game that had
a rhythm element to it as well. You could play your own MP3s. It was not good. Okay. But take
that element out of it. He mentioned that particular one then. Right. Yeah. This would be
a little bit different, but, um, I mean, yeah, sure. Why not? Just because you reboot it once
and it doesn't work out. Doesn't mean you can't try again. Well, you know, I mean, it's not like
Ice-T doesn't have the type of pull to be able to make something like that happen. Uh, I mean, isn't
this, isn't something similar to this, how we got a new Shaq-Fu game at the end of the day? Was,
didn't Shaquille O'Neal say something about it? I mean, Ice-T could like have the investment to,
I mean, not that I think, you know, he's, he's a normal person who just is very high profile. I
don't think he has oodles and oodles of cash, but he might have enough to make a small investment
in something like this and make it happen. Especially if he got some of the other,
uh, big names that were in the old game kind of together, uh, get the old band back together,
so to speak and fund a game like this. I don't know. Maybe. I mean, sure. Why not?
Uh, DJ Roma S also points out the Japanese version has different characters. It has Def Jam,
Japanese artists in it. SSJ 100 Matt simply says, I take an HD remaster. Jeff Jam, Def Jam
fight for New York was great. I think it was still played at Evo for amateur tournaments.
Um, so yeah, I think there are a lot of people that remember that game very fondly, even though
I, I swore it had really bad reviews. Like it was not like well received critically,
but it doesn't matter what critics think at the end of the day. It's what the players want.
So it matters if it's fun or not. That's right. All right. Yeah, that's true.
SJ 100 Matt says if they put it on Kickstarter, it would fund so fast. Yeah. Why not? I mean,
a lot of video games have been doing very well through Kickstarter. So maybe this is one of
those games that should take that route as well. All right. If you guys have other questions for
us, we'd like to open up the listener round table via chat. So if you have other questions,
you can go ahead and put that into chat. Um, for example, uh, in chat we have She-Hulk because we
brought up potato chips earlier on the show, which I hear Alan getting home, which means
there's chips coming, but She-Hulk says, have you guys ever tried ooze? Am I saying that right?
UTZ, ooze, fried dill pickle, ripples, potato chips. I have, I have not, but that sounds good.
I like fried pickles. Yeah. I did have pickle chips though. I like Japanese pickles like,
uh, or, um, like other delicious pickles. Oh yeah. Alan wanted to make Alan want to make clear.
This is not a promotional spot. They're not paying us. I may eat these and they may be garbage.
We'll find out later in the show or after the show tonight, live on Twitch, I should say.
All right. Anyhow. Uh, ooze. Okay. Sorry. I am not familiar with ooze. I don't think it
must be a brand that they don't carry on this coast. It's one of those things where it's like
Hellmann's and best foods. They don't carry it across the nation. I did find dill pickle
pringles. And if you want them, I'll get them for you. I've had pickle chip. Uh, fried pickles was
one of the crazy lace flavors like two years ago. No pringles. No, I'm sorry. It was fried tomatoes,
not fried pickles. I'm sorry. I'll get you the, I'll get you the, the pringles. I'll actually buy
a pickle product for you. That sounds good. I like pickles. All right. Um, all right.
Well, I think, I think we're gonna wrap up the show. Um, but first I want to check in and see
if we have any last minute stories from Loki. Sure. Um, so there was some pretty cool stuff
that, um, I saw regarding, um, apparently there's a spiritual successor for space quest
that is now playable. So it was Kickstarter back in 2012. And it's a game called space venture.
And so now apparently you can play an early beta version of it. Yeah. Let's, let's that,
that's a long time. That was a lot, but Bobby's in chat saying I'm a backer of this damn project.
I got my demo key. Yay. Congrats. Uh, you can check it out now. Um, it looks unique. I mean,
I don't, I see, I mean, it looks sort of like space quest, but I don't know. It's not exactly,
but neat if it's the same type of gameplay. Um, so I'm down and then apparently the PlayStation
emulator, um, R R P C three is now getting, um, network play as well. So they're developing
a private PlayStation network server replacement for our RPCN. And apparently it's going to be
free and open source and yeah, right now they can play demon souls and bomber man ultra over it.
So neat. Um, definitely be cool in the preservation space.
Cool. And that's it. That's it. All right. That's it. All right. Um,
so that's going to do it for another episode of orange launch radio. Thank you guys so much for
listening to our show tonight and staying up with us. Uh, we appreciate it. I hope you guys have a
great week with playing video games. Uh, if you enjoyed what you heard here at orange launch
radio, help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but the voices
have to be here for us to put out on air. Uh, so tell a friend or two about the show, um, share on
social media that goes a long way as well. Uh, auto hosting VOG network on Twitch goes a real,
real long way. Super appreciate that. Um, and yeah, um, we'll be back to do it all again in
another week with the episode eight 31 of our show. Uh, before we do that though, we have to
go around and get everybody's final thoughts. So, uh, dark Sakura, why don't you start us off?
You haven't been here to wrap up the show for awhile. So what's your final thought?
Um, my hip hurts. I'm ready to get it like an epidural. I'm tired of feeling like I'm 97.
Now I know why old people moved to Arizona. All right. And my final thought, because Bobby's,
uh, hooting and hollering in chat is that the beta is not available to the public Loki. You
have to have backed it in 2012. It's a personalized beta key. You can watch
YouTube videos. There you go. That's how you can check it out. There you go.
Play it needs an NDA, right? Well, I don't even maybe it, well, I guess it would be hard to put
something like that under NDA. Cause I was gonna say it might actually be, uh, you, you laugh that
off, but it might be. Um, but I think if it's anything like blood stained or, uh, several of
the other gaming Kickstarters, I think that's kind of too hard to keep contained, uh, something like
that. So something else you need to check out though, if, if you get a chance to, there's a
lot of preview videos out there now for the new Microsoft flight simulator, 2020. Holy cow. Does
that look fantastic? Just the amount of detail is just, it's unbelievable. It's just ridiculous.
And I absolutely heard you mentioning that. I thought you said stimulator.
Um, no, although I have seen like one of those strange, strange addiction things where someone
was in love with a aircraft, um, or certain planes. So yeah, the Pan Am planes I watched
and he had bought like the, the catering console. All right. Yeah. That was pretty cool though.
Loki, your final thought. I found thought is I'm going to try to be productive over the next three
days, at least with something. I don't know what I'm going to be working on, but something.
All right. Make it happen. Make it work. Like Tim Gunn says, make it work.
I believe Jamie still has a contest open for you. All right. Yeah. All right. That's the way Rob,
I was going to let you know. Um, I'm, since I'm not doing, doing drag con anymore,
it's looking like if everything is open next year, dragon con will be it for me.
Wait, you're going to do dragon con next year. I'm thinking so. And I already know what my first
cosplay is going to be. Oh, this is a big news. This is big news. Bobby, you hearing this?
I am going to do, uh, uh, Ewok village Leia from return of the Jedi.
Huh? Wow. I wonder if this is going to be motivation for more VOG people to make their
way to dragon con next year. So that is a very exciting. All right. Assuming of course, everything
is safe. Yeah, but that's assuming it's an entire year plus out. So we'll, we'll, we'll have a host
of other problems if we haven't that under, if we haven't gotten that under control by then.
So, you know, funny asking, is it safe reminds me of the clerk's animated series.
Remember that reference a little bit. Yeah. All right. That's it. Roll credits. We're out of here.
We will see you next time. Thank you so much for listening to our show tonight and participating,
whether it was live or on the podcast feed, we will see you on our discord, on our Twitter,
uh, at OLR and all that good stuff throughout the week. And then we'll see you back here in
seven days for another show until then. Good night. Bye. You've been listening to orange
lounge radio. Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show,
tune into vog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific 9 PM Eastern the views and opinions
expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio
or vog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thank you.